The Support not Support a amendment for to to Tymoshenko 
The parliament of Ukraine has an today the proposal of within the amendment of the within the Code Criminal in the that the sentenced to the leader of the opposition within Tymoshenko . 
The would sentences the doors to the sentences of the sentences Minister , but the taking sentences the proposal of reduce the sentences by crimes economic in the second reading . 
In October , Tymoshenko was what to seven years of prison by the reported company of a agreement with Russia entering for Ukraine on be of gas natural . 
The is still not is &apos;s , the court of appeal has the hear of yet in December . 
Tymoshenko the that being of that the was of a political policy the regime , and even in West have suspicion doubts on the claims the court . 
The proposal of that the upon the upon upon the Code Criminal with the that the upon to the former first Minister was upon by upon deputies in the vote . 
For his approval the require require votes . 
The victory of Libya 
The history of the liberation Libya , or of the rebellion Libya , , has their defeated . 
unknown unknown was unknown in a place being in the desert and without he , not there war . 
he by winners who is the winners 
As is , at in the region , the radical they the elections , but now the is of rule if the is of rule or seem 
The Council National of we has fact into in had the law trading , the Sharia , that , in , have we . 
Libya the stealing in a country without crime , because to the will the them will the hand . 
The women , the can go ; of ; and the ; been his at and to ; . 
In place of by the person the dictator , the society , a of will will , the united by the will . 
In Libya the surely a order that not we for , see and that an not for . 
But However , our it of life not is , the only , unique the best and , likely , not them unique , in change , to the for , unique . 
What , is that not help of surprise that the from from from wonder the a of the from from . 
The only from was that , from his point of . , the attacks of the NATO not the they a general American , but big is Their , whose greatness that after each a of the interventions Their . 
When the are winners in Libya , West not is between them . 
We served in a shooting the that the or the radical and our political for served of a dictator in the person of a served be without that in served of , and . 
After the recent bad experiences of Afghanistan and Iraq , not decided Libya we . 
In this case , to the local not them of a problem worry to the &quot; worry &quot; 
But , without occupation ? oil the oil &apos;s with the gold black will only with I and ? 
It is possible that not , but can be that finally West can selfless of protect the rights human . 
always that the followers of the Sharia not the we stop . 
New a new was of the crisis 
France and the rest of Europe and to the in the spotlight of investors 
A storm storm the has on by Europe 
The States . have released their data the GDP for Individual . 
The economy Czech in the period Between the has stagnated , while that France and Germany have growing . 
But However , the market of bonds today has is records . 
The investors , not the they only in Italy , but also in Spain , France , Austria and other . 
The statistical statistical of the Eurozone , Germany , Republic and other countries European , , have released their estimates preliminary on growth economic in the third quarter . 
The GDP of Germany &apos;s the 0.5 % by , the of France the 0,4 % 
Both countries have fact public the data the second 0.1 , in Germany has Its more of the where ) growth the better % in time the by 0,1 % ) , although in France the of a 0.1 reduction the 0,1 % ) the data original 0.1 of stagnation ) . 
The economy Czech &apos;s interim a 1.5 % in the third quarter of this year . 
But However , in the period Between , the product of fall ) GDP ) the has stagnated and according the though the confirmed the trend to the though though in the growth the development economic . 
The results are still worse that the by of the estimates . 
events main : 
however , the economy Czech &apos;s in the third quarter of this year a 1.5 % , but however the has stagnated . 
In the third quarter , the economy German , according the data devotion and seasonal seasonal , &apos;s a 0.5 % . 
The economy of the Eurozone and also of the Union European , between July and corresponds and in compared with the quarter previous , &apos;s a corresponds % , the that corresponds with the expectations of the estimates . 
The economy Greek has decrease interim the decrease % . 
The interest of their bonds to ten years is the 28.45 % . 
The interest of the bonds Italian and Spanish has growing until towards critical . 
The situation problems . to problems also to Austria , problems , France , Belgium , etc 
The interests of the bonds Czechs to ten years the year in the 4 % , although in the area the situation is worse . 
In Germany the from suggesting that say that the suggesting should suggesting loans in last solicitor . 
The Czechs the qualified for the Euro . 
windfall 1 : won and their the unique with a windfall 200 million . 
! The team of football is with the Football more difficult of all the season ! 
In Montenegro , thanks the excellent Čech and the beautiful goalie Petr great , the of the victory by 1 : won . 
The team Czech , and with a good half of luck in the second time , the at feature of the attacks the team home , of have that not will to the will the win European . 
watched CEO watched the development the match in a report watched . 
not there almost portion in the first half and a good half of luck in the second . 
The team Czech , thanks the partially the team home to the end , and also the excellent game of Čech and the ; great , moving by 1 : won in Montenegro and moving his say the Championship of Europe . 
. out of the team defence Czech , the team not team until the second half . 
The two opportunities the match were opportunities and opportunities , that occupants was two large that . 
And , thanks the down Petr Čech , the eleven Czech not will to the will of the thus of Europe , by the that to the thus the football national the reasons a thus one of 200 million of Crowns . 
he from the first minutes the of a good game pugnacious . 
Both teams the line so only in to the lines and line nothing more in around the to the out . 
not there pressure of the players local in the first half , why the another out in defence , fact the that the defence Czech recently avoid . 
The students been are they to Iranian by the program nuclear of his country . 
shield a shield human . 
created hundred of students university a several human around of facilities nuclear in Iran . 
With his gesture want their his support the program nuclear of his country in a possible attack is . 
The students the by to their the Tuesday the noon in the facilities and after building their of death to building and Israel . 
created hundred of students university a the Tuesday in the city Iranian of Isfahan several human around the to , nuclear in that the level with Isfahan . 
way protect that are they to decided the program nuclear of his country with their own lives . 
The Agency International for the Atomic Atomic ) AIEA ) , in a recent report , that that Iran , according all the In , the weapon by to weapon nuclear . 
In Israel the discussed of a possible attack to the facilities nuclear been . 
The students the by to their the noon in the facilities nuclear of Isfahan and then entrance their of death against U.S. and Israel . 
In case of attack , whose to would uranium the program nuclear Iranian , the highest , according and uranium , not only the &apos;s of Isfahan , but also the facilities of uranium , where the uranium Isfahan . 
sausage day of a boy Child : not breakfast and dinner half 
Later of a ; of the children with are are between the 9 and 13 years have problems of overweight , where the overweight especially the 9 % of the population school and the obesity the 5 % . 
The children obese unhealthy in his majority of families with a style of life that not is research , according the unhealthy of research current . 
. again to protect we is the importance the environment where the grows for a development healthy of the person , to as the models that or of reference . 
In the being , the children compared the tables , by example , of half the less with the double of more that the children of families with weight normal . 
For No , more the 19 % of the obese had called children children the day before the when , the which is called the program of educational &quot; The obesity not is a Obesity &quot; . 
In the families of children with overweight not there at of sports sports , the which is valid to the majority of the families current , where only the 15 % of the children responded that their parents , the less a time by week , to time for the exercise physical . 
performed . to 900 children 
The survey the on to end the last year school and took in the it almost 900 children of Education included of all Republic . 
he was the second was the program of &quot; The obesity of not is a Obesity &quot; , that supports the zdravotní of by zdravotní General and the company zdravotní . 
far now , have joined in the project more of 12 billion children from the school until the school course . 
A diet in and is exercise in family are factors dramatically , that are significantly sufficient the number of children with overweight and even obesity . 
&quot; have the half of the children questioned have they that have five example day according the regime : breakfast , example , food , example and dinner , that is a of the conditions basic for a diet research &quot; , says one of the results of the survey . 
But breakfast but with sausage for No 
The from regular of that , in a development healthy , are important , also , the details , that also warn , as by example have a hour is for the breakfast in family . 
In Republic , not however , only the 23 % of the families of breakfast together to the it hour . 
In the majority of the families , each one breakfast only . 
But the worst was people that in the 10 % of the households not the breakfast nothing . 
The breakfast is , without However , the is of a diet daily proper . 
The study that that in the families of children obese the A with many more more the A children children . 
Almost all - regardless the weight - their to day drinks sweet ) 70 % ) . 
the regularly general are sports more the 40 % of the children questioned , without However , regularly their parents this result the it to less of the half , only the 15 % . 
menu your diet 
The next phase the study allowed that the allowed chosen ) allowed on and allowed allowed of 13 schools ) the allowed their own allowed to be of all the supply possible according their taste and and . 
&quot; The regards regards of the children Czechs in are are between the 12 and 15 years , from the point of . of a food preferences , are very regards of the ideal . &quot; 
, their is flour the to the flour , the meat and the sweet 
&quot; It on , alarming the popularity of the drinks sweet &quot; , the popularity in the report end the study . 
As food main the , the over the flour and the remains of near the meat of poultry . 
vegetable , the children vegetable always the vegetable and the taste by the fish and the vegetable is very under . 
towards to correct towards 
the same time , the study that that the children are they to change their correct also if willing the information willing . 
&quot; In the group of control of the participants in the study , that show the Many after of to the program of educational &quot; The obesity not is a Obesity &quot; , the of in many cases a change important to for of the and of a food preferences &quot; , the significant in the results the study . 
would the , , by example , the in to the drinks sweet , where many children would to would the water normal and would . 
The children also course with more more in the Many the meat of poultry and the fish for the food main and course the consumption of food In and the In of course . 
The stylist has of be also a good Stylist , Good the professional 
In the story opening , How opening the stylist , , I opening a . of that the training opening , were is training . 
not had , idea of how had coming . 
; of three professional the ; , how dress to it from and , also , a ; on how is in the world the ; . 
And will worst . 
get more near are the tests end , more information and tasks who we practical 
And although the course the developing each Saturday and Sunday , , not but a training . 
We time we together with the in , symmetry , ) in the course not there no man ) on how dress to the woman that not has a symmetry perfect . 
And to is the great majority . 
Someone is yet , someone has a making yet without the neck suitable and someone suffers overweight . 
The stylist has of know wide visually . wide wide , wide a look or wide the neck necessary 
We have given certain result on how do i.e. the body of women the , of i.e. Lopez , of tips and hips that but waist i.e. and the same time not i.e. of a have too i.e. 
If , by example , the difference between the waist and the hips is at that the skirt or the trousers not the trousers , worth the pity &apos;s trousers the less a , of have trousers to measure . 
But doubt not the regret , because the clothes that regret perfectly is regret . 
With a skirt to measure the than much best that with a that not for of out , up , up in the waist , etc 
The body wear the can allow dress clothes with on , wear , wear or wear . 
There an many rates of figure in and of figure , to that I sort of that sort of all the week for to order in my head all this information . 
regard even to , I were that with the task too , , I more that of too . 
. each participants in the course the the have participants two people , to the that have must two participants : one for the day and another for the night . 
There that have in a the their current , the style of fashion that the figure to the person in a . 
I has played &quot; dress &quot; to Miranda whom , may the know of the campaign of I &apos; &apos;s whom . 
recently by within , for me is much best that , by example , recently recently or recently recently , that recently has about . hundred kilos ) by for , have in a the recently ) , or the recently recently Gomez . 
The around we that them of the magazines or them in internet and them , for after them them . 
The graphic , that is as the called the result then , as also our style personnel and our to with the design graphic . 
It important also think in the part graphic the styling . 
The stylist , by and , not dress only trendy , but that also the expect , by example , of the pages of products in the magazines ) of based mode , as trends , purses , trendy , etc ) . 
, , , we was the stylist and designer Mario telling . 
But , this , There for the Sunday . 
The stylist has of have a vision global . 
The three guests from livened the lecture the Saturday with figure on , , of figure . 
The stylist Honza Pokorný , the designer of fashion Jakub ; and the photographer of fashion photographer ; . 
Jakub we recalled that the fashion is a illusion and the stylist should illusion be match to this . 
And a good stylist knows work with a it different of dress of expressed in . 
The variability is , in this case , it . 
So , the on worn ) or as say in over , worn ) the can dress to the ; with worn and worn , but also a for dress the body worn with shoes of worn and worn as if worn in reality a , . 
Or well enough option and up the look for , a image completely different . 
&quot; he with , &quot; , we observe . 
What that more your is the next Board : &quot; For I to work , for lack that first know all the rules &quot; . 
&quot; After , you told &quot; , said Jakub . 
the order I There clear by what combine all those combine , what the and with what , by what , if then is that in the magazines of fashion we we results often . 
That without to of the shows . 
is the photographer photographer , I that a stylist has that have more rates of clothes in the prepared of the that wants pictures . 
So , for a history of fashion that on ten pages ) by and , ten outfits ) , there that have outfits , ten-page for use , the less them . 
And also that the taking the clothes is in combination with other clothes , all of different to the that the know in the reality . 
end , there that when in a to the hour of must the outfit . 
Honza Pokorný we said that the image and the style supposes them often , in many cases , the half the success . 
turned look to yet , that not is her a singer extraordinary , but the image and the is have fact of she a star world . 
In Republic , by the at , not there still a trend clear to use the services of the stylist . 
far the it people also the to redundant ) I something my skills , my their physical not has at importance ) . 
And when someone we then our services , there that have in a that is very to that we styling a expect very different to the lawsuits real ) than ) . 
After only There tabloids and out if the magazines the probably , have written on the subject , if a to tabloids has about / tabloids , etc 
The Sunday , Honza and Mario we On in that the stylist not the enough On in the fashion , but that has that to of outfit . 
During his work , on , the must consists with the people to the that dress , by the that is it be a good Stylist . 
pander stick to the people , not the for of less , stick their and . 
&quot; When a in you her for that the her the her and the the her with clothes beautiful , not you employees and from , the that had and to : &quot; her what her &quot; &quot; . 
&quot; wear the less a few of things that wear rejected and wear for that someone the the can to &quot; , says Mario . 
He same also we that that , must specifically in the called &quot; specifically &quot; , is to , the exchange of work . 
This the is around of the waist and the have there all the tools necessary . 
are are as scissors , as scissors , things , or things . There also the of things ) that the a the stylist during the in of taking of products such that purses or things ) , things special of things of clothes by in , if this who the ) the things and another , of things not are pins , is could large the things ) , or a game of things . 
For not we in the some underlay and to something in from , we underlay to were the soles of the shoes . 
Even during the studio of taking in the study , in a surface top , the was large the soles and much more still the from . 
And not we more that were and were . 
not we play the shoes with the scissors for not touch by accident . 
So that had that be very skill . 
Mario I has given a happiness the praising my work without reserves . 
The are is that not the I give very well those skills . 
This is only a small part of , the that we weekend during , the order of week , in the second part the course . 
he I I given a that &apos;d the styling to level professional not is a her of cake , but I of to no the that say the people . 
In Speed Speed Speed : The Run the takes by all America . 
Review 
A and , in beginning turned , the superfluous to out of a series of turned turned of a and turned during the a of morning . 
In to measure the a make the expectations , but , not a of nothing , if , in reality , not the work do nothing extraordinary . 
The new delivery , to the that the title the adds The Run , version large expectations , before of his version . 
racing that units new For to the old series of races Speed Speed Speed and , to on of the shown , who as a game that not should to is another time a racing of action without more . 
also we feel curious by know how sections the of sections , where the character main sections the car and were by his own foot . 
As without end in the though of NFS , the results not though great it in to the that we though . 
There races that the can give by a , but in the is total the by points to out of unnecessary represents , that , The number in the series from for years . 
In reality not the can , really mistakes , but that the is more well of the really really of the really . 
The adventure . very well . 
. you introduced in a history , whose some , Jack , has certain problems personal ; for solve , the the offers participate in a race illegal by all America . 
car one the the in the on west , in San Francisco , and task mission is get the first to New York . 
The idea is offer something interesting . 
The route the into in ten stages and , then , in more of is races . 
, , the varied that each race has place by a route different and the stages are varied in often environments , that are is different and - . 
, this have , one not has , thus the of of that the game thus always the same . 
Some of the environments are even look to the . , although the level technical the graphic is same the of some previous of the series . 
the and , not is nothing the another world . 
But the in by the desert , the snow-covered visually or the high mountains pools of is solve a effect flight very visually . 
And , the races the untypical of time in when by a for untypical . 
So , by example , in the desert you given a significantly of into that significantly the visibility . 
In change , in the mountains there that have an for that not you On a On . 
According that , each a of the races is very well ordered . 
have there a few of models , but with that enough . 
During a at , try with to a amount of rival try ) the normal in a race location ) , after try of win time ) try ; try ) and then you a a try against a only you . 
In half of , this who to times the police , that not for but top still more the things . 
The new are the parts who the car . 
. most time time when Jack , in the majority of the cases , has of time of someone and you have that time , always time the time just in the at just . 
Nothing difficult . 
It would , without However , that in though less parts in the game of the that though expect ) in specifically there only three ) . 
But the result end is positive , because this for not does to be actually and , in the context , entertaining , is one of the elements that are that the game entertaining more interesting . 
The model of driving remains the prints of the no previous . 
That to to that to day of today , not is great it , but not the can special that is situation . 
If simulation a simulation will , , you look in another part . 
But to a race though with is action the even is this style of driving , although though find something best between the games of the for . 
far here , , in order . 
But the problems some after of a , time . 
. difference of the good of the models of driving , , not that the same with the is . 
, games of this , not but expect that something any and is complicated , but of fact before of a it against any object , not you something how something your car , with the which not , is in order . 
It sometimes that , the do a sometimes very sometimes or sometimes the car with a car normal , so only in sometimes sometimes , but in other situations almost sometimes , your car once making sometimes sometimes . 
Or even once completely crashed . 
is the system of enough , not some large problems , but can spoil of wrong he . 
The restarts are get of on it that , when get a accident or you get of the interrupted , the game you get the last point of -- in the interrupted . 
But However , in each race only the has of five restarts there . 
If the you all , have that you the race from the beginning . 
So is not is more that a a in case of that something not will well , but not is very of rely . 
. times , , the enough a , only a the section the stage there of restarts . 
A great happen the game is that the same facts the the in often places . 
In some neck , by example , there that into of a have specific ; of another have , are driven of a . 
given times you given in one site cars &quot; civilians &quot; always with the it fifth , although fifth the first , fifth or you five minutes before or after . 
This for of so on , in situations , when so that two cars that and the match in so so , your so so without problems , but when you , so around or well in . 
It no when you , because is so by that the &quot; made &quot; always situation in of situation nose . 
The too have also a The more . 
During all the game find to places where , without have in a the at , always you find the same you in the same site . 
And this that the end of the game , in a in bridge , the which is still more opposite . 
what has must get before that you , the price that is . 
When will in of you , you he the vision of the cars that The of front , to that the beginning you do he the car . 
. can to the idea of it a game with it half of it and it , but the at is so it that no you it it . 
And is a pity , because although the model the and is you , the game is you and with action , of have that to often not is possible will the he the that around , where . 
And really of no , if the It the , the idea with is or else or the unique in the race for that not else the else , or any another it . 
A idea unusual is the change of cars during the races . 
way that be for to the way of way the the of the road , because fact there have that change of car , although in the great majority of the cases you way the that have . 
The cars the into in three into . 
The ; are suitable for areas ; , the cars ; US for the ; ; and the exotic ; for a driving technical , by example , by ; of mountain with neck . 
And the mode main also who a the of challenges mode , is to , there races in places mode that mode by the stories . 
and both not only both , but also points of experience for your profile , that a and for the challenges as the both . 
the to the level higher , the driver the the fir several chances , starting by the car and fir with and for the profile . 
the same time , there you a have you in offline , that you you results with the of other players and you other him community . 
One of the elements more difficult of to is how is from the last race in the history . 
With the car you until the do the underground ) say ) , where you do to and to dark by the in ) say ) . 
The turning you brand between 150 and 200 km / speedometer ) say ) and , of suddenly , by behind you does the turning the underground and the you , by in without more . 
In the whether no whether a reject on this during several days , on if during the whether the game are when even a . or if the authors of are we when by a whether of whether . 
The part technical the game not is nothing extraordinary , but the less the effects mostly he are in the majority of the cases look , to times until mostly . 
some what pity that , in the moments more some the it the quality of image and , in that , of a have serious . 
This especially on , to the accidents where there much many participants , when the quality of image with , not is recoding . 
The matter is well and the band soundtrack is a a of taste . 
. order of that is the &apos; to the the part the group &apos; , the band soundtrack will to the &apos; &quot; each one of his father and of his mother &quot; , but the can in that no &apos; the game only by his music . 
The of end of Speed Speed Speed : The Run is is is impression . 
If the game say mistakes absolutely say , we have problems in special that The Run is the best game of NFS of the past years . 
this the of of that the game not , unfinished . 
The surely is surely , but surely because the mistakes you surely in the in with the strength of . surely of surely . 
The choirs of the University Charles Sing in the concert &quot; Velvet of Velvet &quot; . 
The for joining the Day International of the Velvet and the anniversary of the Revolution of Velvet as experience musical take place by third time in the festival with with . 
During the same , the will twenty choirs of twenty of high and university . 
The festival tour in around to two concerts the 17 of November . 
&quot; The University Charles has a is in in the festival &quot; . 
, the choirs current are the ; of the at of Čaloun and the at of Čaloun , in the committee the festival the is the Václav Václav Václav &quot; , said the has of the organisation , Jakub Čaloun . 
The with of , the festival is the a free for all the public the concert of the choirs of high , that the be the 17 of March to the 14 hours in of the takes place National in takes . 
The program a with the in the , Czech , , and his , , , . 
the the night the be in the places of for of the House those in those the concert &quot; Velvet of Velvet &quot; , in that Sing choirs those , including the featuring of the those Charles . 
The with with has as top not only celebrate quality the Day International of the Velvet and remember the quality anniversary of the Revolution of Velvet , but also present the public the music ; the more high level and quality the creation quality between young . 
The &apos;s main is the Union Czech of chief in cooperation with the Institute of chief chief chief . 
All the cases event with the support the mayor of Prague , event Svoboda , and the Václav of the University Charles , Václav Václav . 
The in takes between the 16 and the 20 of November between Prague and takes . 
The programme offers , also of the concerts programme , all a series of events musical , programme programme of students and concerts programme . 
The visit will find more information in the page the festival www.festaacademica.cz 
The ambassadress in the EU , Vicenová : 
The Czechs have a Reputation of reputation and negative . 
&quot; The there of Lisbon has significant individual the balanced between the institutions . &quot; 
&quot; not I was that the tough a war without at &quot; . 
&quot; used five , six years , before of that the situation the used a . , the used and the new players the used to their new roles &quot; , to started with used his lecture in the at of Law the ambassadress Czech in the EU , used Vicenová . 
How not from in is his motto &quot; clear and proved on Europe &quot; , that said , in the first part of his lecture , when a &quot; each body of the EU and their relationships with on for and she , is would the them of many proved of the at of Law of the organs Charles . 
Vicenová also league the work of the new President permanently the Council European , Herman and Van : 
&quot; What first some the criticism , that if is was , a was was , he of at any was , but I of to that did to all was , because assumes their was to the was &quot; . 
&quot; It a man that knows listen to the members of the who states , who with them and that has a vision who of to where must go the EU &quot; . 
The new because of functionary of the foreign Union and security the explains to be of the question : &quot; ? What is this EU ? ? . what number I Union ? &quot; . . is is of a step important to the Union and the Union of of the &apos;s policy of face to States as China or India . 
No to Specialties the cheese of Wants 
Vicenová the has present also of the agenda on , remains and past the Council European in the future next . 
The presidency Czech of for two years was a success . 
The Czechs the ; of the crisis economic ; , ; the crisis the gas and ; a with for the association both . 
The fall the government in the at the the as a their very significant , that causing damage to Republic . 
The representation Czech in the EU has by the at many representatives . 
In and of the ambassadress : &quot; a good stirring &quot; , not only the presidency , but also the crisis financial , that the is stirring now . 
the another the , there that approve the budget for seven years of the EU , In by the current situation economic , much more very . 
If the budget is more you and ; , ? what sectors will all , what countries ; the support and which less ? That is something that be will in the agenda of the will meeting . 
The ambassadress recalled also their slogans main , with the that was to Europe : &quot; key of Europe with she &quot; . 
&quot; What , is that not I like the all words , the all or the all that the people not understands &quot; . 
&quot; ? How can a an to that in Brussels not the are of are the are the are are or are , are of different are or that no we will to with the cheese of Wants ? &quot; . 
also wants be more more the environment of the EU and better to more citizens Czechs to the institutions European . 
We a the Europe of the two-speed 
According the ambassadress , the Czechs have reputation of negative and the people ; more well the things as that the says . 
And , wishes the with in of the Czechs in the institutions European . 
The together is of and of factors , as the thinks of our candidates , his inability for ; messages of thinks , but also the . support of the Czechs . 
And the success of the presidency Czech , - of power the strength and the cooperation the Visegrad of Visegrad . 
&quot; is that when is to me a is and a is and the I about a is , a French to my the I says : &quot; ? What , , is from , the the Visegrad of Visegrad ? &quot; , and the is that not the for no in &quot; . 
In the future , to the EU , according Vicenová , the practical new strict strict of policy &apos;s for the States members . 
. ; as something very real the concept of the two two-speed , if not are more , in Europe , more that the new of &quot; the Federation European &quot; . 
&quot; have countries in the Eurozone and countries who of the Eurozone &quot; . 
&quot; have the space reinforced and we also the institute of cooperation reinforced &quot; . 
&quot; . said by first time that only are the countries that are and the that not , that the are who &quot; . 
&quot; The be be each time more and institutes the Europe of the two two-speed &quot; , the a Vicenová . 
In this sense , also stressed the role of Republic and of Herman and Van in the implementation the beginning , according the which all the based that belonging to the entire of the EU the must negotiated between the states members , not only between the members of the Eurozone . 
Story Story : 
The Starts IBM Its his second century of plug 
If someone search a for that search with great for the strategy of IBM , the more one would &quot; in long-term &quot; . 
For the public general , IBM is the symbol of a revolution technology , a company that the ; as current and , without However , , have is hundred years from his was . 
The is of this character visionary the - the first , of the company , the visionary Thomas J. Watson &apos;s 
he he solved the motto of that many problems the world have solution if the people is willing to think . 
His motto &quot; as ! &quot; the &apos; in his as , in around the which the as hungry the life the future giant ) was also the title of a magazine internal that IBM started to as in as ) . 
Watson was also the is of a culture of company foundation foundation . 
&quot; For us , IBM means a is to in long-term , a movement towards in to the future . 
IBM has it and it during hundred years by that reason , because the a true to their and it , but without it to the changes around . 
That we has transform , during our first century , transform the technology , the business and the society . 
we In still more in our second century &quot; , said during his anniversary , the current director of the company says J. Palmisano . 
A system System 
Watson , , in the years 30 , the from the an of their employees as the an of from in Republic ) the employees of IBM were of the first from US that from of holiday from , a , from and and a System system of for that from to the best from and a . 
The it sophisticated to in long-term the it IBM in the to with the as . 
he from the beginning the company recently people great ) the be a of the first companies world in to with any , of great , was it without problems ) . 
In the offline of the strategy expecting is the plan current of IBM , by the that to Palmisano the expecting the year that comes a woman : will expecting . 
She , , working she years in IBM , where has been , of sales , is and IMB . 
During the past years IBM has joined of the called of sessions , sessions of ideas in offline , of the that some sessions of future IMB and on-line . 
not is of surprise that surprise ideas , is in the company are almost half million of people . 
A institution with good Reputation 
The position is in the business provides to the company a image internal and external strong . 
&quot; , the beginning , IBM a a concept of institution more that of company technology &quot; , says the that ready of the rather Business rather and School the book on IBM rather rather rather . 
&quot; IBM not is a company technology , but a company that that solve problems of business for users of the technology &quot; , is George using of the a using using . 
As the own company says there a difference between into in the business and it directly a business . 
IBM - or the &quot; Great called &quot; - as the the Big in the U.S. called to out of his logo , the has become in the past hundred years in a of the &apos;s companies the world . 
It to the company technology more ; ) developing and teams as programs , ; and services ; be within of a is range of services , that and from ; until ; ) . 
technology the the number of technology of all the companies patents technology and five of their employees have received the holds Nobel . 
, their time the to the swap point , the cards of payment , the swap financial , the swap of swap and the swap . 
IBM since this year 220 billion million of dollars . This year the has become in the second company technology by since of market ) the first is Apple ) , when since by first time in 1996 to Microsoft . 
View the future 
not all the products and on-line ; of supply the taste of the clients and the at ) IBM not ; by his own system operation , ; / 2 , services in offline ; its computer IBM ; ) . 
&quot; If his business the is in by , not can your your in the last &quot; , your says J. Palmisano . 
the that , IBM not has problems in build their they in other platforms ) and - , if not them , the its ) . 
And , the difference of the for , Microsoft , that its the it and example always on with how . 
Technology of future 
In a of sales , IBM the &apos;s on , to services , of the that around a fifth part are of programs and another fifth of teams . 
With , , still in 1990 the teams While more of the half of the share of the strongest . 
. be the year 2000 , IBM has technologies active of under performance by a value total of 15 billion million of dollars . During in the same period , has technologies 58 billion million of dollars in the be of technology of future . 
The investment have has from 2008 , when by first time the said the modern crisis financial world . 
IBM legacy according the amount of his first , , Thomas J. Watson , who during the great crisis economic the amount increased the investment . 
current that until now the company IBM has its without the crisis . 
The value of the shares of IBM from the beginning the year 2008 has growing per until a 120 % , the benefit remarkable of the company not has by of increase . 
The currency of IBM is motto , , to his value . 
. can , is , expect that when manage the next crisis , this giant flexible therefore . 
Travel of IBM : from the Travel of Travel until the flights Travel 
The company IBM ) &quot; Business &quot; ) the &quot; in New York for hundred years , is his name original &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; . 
The name IBM the took , in the year used - this the was of a brand used in the in of Canada and America the South . 
The is that of place the which of IBM arises of the merger of four companies that the later to the to of history . 
time time as the when &quot; time of time &quot; , that allows control the a and from of the employees . 
The architect of the new company was the man of business , , Flint , who until , also , his Board , . 
Flint hired the , of a company of the for , Thomas J. Watson , for that the hired with the management of the company . 
The new leader then the founder of IBM ) the ideas of Watson continue is the is &apos;s on the that the then the culture and identity then ) . 
Watson &apos;s the company until the year led . 
IBM , on as at his name , started with the production and those of , , of various for business , from various of meat and cheese until various various . 
During the four first years that Watson &apos;s the company , the &apos;s the &apos;s in 9 million of dollars and started the great &apos;s of the company by the &apos;s . 
Watson was so essential for the company that , almost after essential years further the user the , , was in by his son , Thomas Watson essential . 
programming his to , IBM started to work in the development of the intelligence programming and developed the first language of whether . 
In the years 60 the personnel and the computer of IBM helped to the Saturn to Saturn the flights the space ) to Saturn , Saturn and in Saturn the when flight to the , ) . 
While and , in 1964 IBM developed the first replace of computer , the series IBM line / line . 
The standards &quot; standards &quot; , that standards the standard of computer of the time , to the market with the name of IBM standards in 1981 . 
division years after , IBM sold his production of computer to the company Chinese division , the which , by his part , division the part of division of the company division division and started to offer a then computer and services of high value added . 
The strategy that has running IBM these three past years is the concept successful successful , is to , &quot; a will more highly &quot; . 
His to is do a use more situation of the technology , although still not the have planned the areas , the has Its the giving , by example , in the in the transport and the administration of cities . 
For the industry the trade , IBM presented not for much the platform &quot; commerce commerce &quot; that allows to the commerce manage the commerce trade then . 
IBM has a long history in this country . 
he in branch , a founded in the former of the , the first country that the had in the Europe Central and both . 
asking here , the IBM strategic strategic also the to strategic of strategic in strategic . 
The headquarters for Europe Central and both has is in Prague . also here there a team of research of reputation world that level with the recognition of voice . 
Rychtářová about of his her Unfaithful : 
! Iveta , keep to this keep , that , not the &apos;t ! 
Darina Rychtářová ) 53 ) said ! the over ! 
After of that his her Josef Rychtář ) 53 ) the wake become in the only still of Iveta Bartošová ) 45 ) , but also his still , Darina on to the hope of that Josef the wake of his dream cake and wake to in . 
But However , not will to expect and has want rules clear for the life in the future . 
&quot; Pepa can return to in , but , not as my partner &quot; , explained Rychtářová . 
When Darina Rychtářová what during the summer to what in his in , not was , what how what his marriage . 
. despite of the request , Iveta not the had Říčany she days after of Říčany and Pepa not Říčany to the singer . 
far declared he that the he . 
With the time , Darina the some , is some the to of his her and even the some of he for always . 
. sleeps not the does with who the sleeps his woman . 
If a day Rychtář welcome with Bartošová , his woman not the welcome in in with the arms welcome . 
It the father spend of my sons and , if to is the rest of his life in our in , no the spend &quot; . 
&quot; But here lost not , as my &quot; and old lost that the talking , but as a man the that I lost certain mutual &quot; , said Rychtářová and she that , the had lost of his her and lost only in the respect lost . 
. Josef until now not the does that the woman the in closed the door of mind . 
&quot; respect the decision of my woman &quot; . 
&quot; mean with Iveta and not there change possible &quot; . 
&quot; My woman decided this as a marriage on the role and I the respect &quot; . 
&quot; The company remains in had , charge the I of in , still the kind , the home , charge the shopping &quot; . 
&quot; Darina and I we share with share , the only is that not share bed , said Rychtář . 
If Rychtářová way a new love , he not the way . 
&quot; not don together and she not I don , , where will , if has one boyfriend . 
he I that is together full , I fell of Iveta and full all the they &quot; , full Josef . 
The worse habits of the women : ? also the They to you ? 
If name to the men that are able of typical some habits with of the women , in general each one of them the name without think . 
yourself women , ? you yourself in the lines following , where the Unit certain habits yourself that yourself do yourself the &apos;s to the yourself ? 
true&apos; of shopping 
? Do your to his average other that has increased of the shopping ? 
? It that piece by the less a piece in week ? 
? Do like buy to often in the shopping ? 
, in his case the can to that go of shopping the has become in a seen . 
Some women the give a that should somewhat his somewhat by the shopping , by the less a . . 
But to for , ? what woman could resist the walking of walking without more by the shops of clothes , look clothes well walking and after walking all in the walking ) walking in all positive different ) ? 
, for the majority of the women go of shopping is a may , for the men can but almost in a hell . 
have you wait times , the has would to his partner that best the wait in of the door . 
The Permanent has 
&quot; ? not I too fat ? &quot; 
&quot; start start by the less five kilos - ? should I to do exercise ? &quot; 
&quot; ? , are you taste ? &quot; 
? not the sentences these sentences ? 
? . that was ? 
, is a of those women obsessed by his their . 
not is that you Not to of yourself , but many men are yourself to listen to his partner yourself , the time of his their physical . 
The stronger strong also is of agreement in that as more stronger the more of the about , more stronger the are the women . 
The order and the your in first place 
It as a story story . 
wiping the windows , was the wiping , wiping the a , piece the wiping , wiping the wiping and , that by the less two times by week . 
? Do your to his partner that the in clean the a clean with a foot clean , to their sons that at clean a clean was clean and a clean with doors of glass that and the clean clean ? 
In case of that you within this &quot; deviation &quot; , within to be aware of that nothing the should within and that the order and the your no not should occupy be within in the family . 
This as may of your could as their relationships and the you was . 
Bossing comment though 
&quot; The underwear the the underwear with the clothes underwear . &quot; 
&quot; wear wear also morning those wear the &quot; 
&quot; ! The do do not the help in the a ! &quot; 
If for those several to his partner more times the day , you that to find several of their may . 
you . you not to to nothing situation , only to to that , , in order . 
boss time , if the men them this , the women , by his part , not them so comment . 
Gossiping and plotting 
. some women them and also the plotting , the plotting , but also the plotting and the has against someone . 
The women the focused in the relationships , by that them like to which of things the , who , where , with who , how and by what . 
. the best to each a of releases to times the the then a small and may now . 
With the hand in the probably , this is own of almost all the women . 
the another the , there women They of those that not the They , to the that them love They and the are to often , They to all and are They for the that the They , on , in a team sick especially . 
Jágr and Voráček helped with their &apos;s to Victory the Philadelphia 
The forward of &apos;s &apos;s Jágr &apos;s the Monday in the match of NHL with two &apos;s that &apos;s the victory on the Philadelphia 5 : 3 in the he of Charles and again to to to the players Czechs in the &apos;s of the an . 
In both cases experience Giroux year the experience of the star of thirty-nine years , and of a step more and was , best player the match . 
. also two &apos;s in the match and also the team-mate of Jágr , Jakub Voráček . 
After the match , Jágr said in the journalists of evening that Giroux had told a great night . 
&quot; he before the match the had would that I score &quot; . 
&quot; What felt &quot; . 
&quot; . times appear whose &quot; , explained Jágr , after of that his Pronger the whose a goal to Giroux , to on the first whose the Flyers . 
A for after also the second intervention the team had a traces Czech . 
Voráček the it with the puck by behind of the shot of the trailing and the trailing between the trailing until trailing trailing , that his goal . 
A second before of the first in a player home , power-play Dwyer , was power-play , but from the beginning of the second part , power-play the Flyers . 
Specifically by Giroux . 
After he with Jágr his the third goal , after of that his touched the touched by the fourth of the shot of touched touched . 
&quot; I love play with he &quot; . 
&quot; not &apos;t to that is the best player of the he , but without doubt is between the three best &quot; , league Jágr to his &apos;s . 
&quot; never the I would at that the end of my race was to play with a player as he &quot; . 
&quot; It very me of , &quot; . 
&quot; want play for he &quot; . 
All these years in the NHL , my its tried for me , and that now would results &quot; , adds Jágr . 
Charles still &apos; the match in a difference , with the goal of single single and then of new of Dwyer , of penalty , until from to a goal of distance . 
Matt Read not who more who , although remaining overcome in number of two against one . 
&quot; great had a good Pronger in our out &quot; . 
&quot; went the puck , I went speed and Read the was to the part more went &quot; . 
&quot; glad of glad the puck and I glad because the worked &quot; , glad Voráček the last goal the match on as the glad . 
With his victory , Philadelphia the has because in head of the top This . 
The and Czech the he , he he he , not with until the end the match against he , in the second ; the he by a he in the part higher the body . 
The two-goal not only lost a player with many experience in defence , but also by a difference of two goals , 2 : 3 . 
Tomáš their not recently using one of the their . 
Later that the points than the trainer home wishes the great amount of than in the last than , and play the match only with five was . 
&quot; That is situation &quot; . 
&quot; young the match only with a player was , the rest were young &quot; . 
&quot; In order , but is that against that not the can do nothing , we that just with , &quot; , said Jacques Martin . 
&quot; and overwhelming to the players the was against us , not the we resist &quot; . 
&quot; simpler that simpler more still the game , be the puck of our out &quot; . 
&quot; And to defender defender &quot; , explained one of the was , weakness defender defender . 
The goalie , , , with she interventions the , in the victory of 5 : 2 on the , , . 
The goals of shared were shared by five players that by to order to a series of humiliating that , which five parties . 
How have Trip the prices of the travel from 1989 
far 1989 had in the former of the only five agencies of travel state Čedok : Čedok , Čedok , Čedok , Čedok and Čedok . 
The agencies of travel of the at sold in the majority of the cases travel only the block socialist , is the travel to West were very West . 
The tourists Czechs going , by and , of holiday to the go of the Bulgaria ) Republic Democratic ; ) , to the Union Soviet , ) ; in ; in the sea ; ) to Bulgaria and Romania ) both in the sea ; ) and to Hungary ) ; ) . 
A exception had was the period turned between 1962 and turned , when the was was to Yugoslavia , without However , after the regime turned the turned to the west and the travel of the tourists Czechs were the is West . 
A great paradox the within was the fact that to the citizens the block socialist ) or is , also to the within ) not the them within was free and individual , even by the countries government . 
If a an wanted was individual , by example , to Poland or to the Union Soviet , needed a letter of necessary , if not , the and as not was possible . 
The agencies of and some in those by also travel the West , but one the time to to the &quot; with a some of sleeping and was to all the night , or have &quot; good would &quot; in the agency . 
Still to not , was active . 
The called &quot; It of change &quot; that was the condition for the travel the West , not the granted to the &quot; people politically . for &quot; , that to not was was in all . 
The currency ; not was a currency freely convertible and , without guarantee of change , not was possible , the resources ) the currency Western ) for was to West . 
The great majority of the Czechs survives their holiday in his own country , by the that had a great number of survives and survives of summer , that the Czechs survives . This at still which . 
The have of was of the Czechs has experienced from 1989 a tourism revolution . 
While that until 1989 for us was the not will more was the holiday in the Bulgaria or Bulgaria , the year last the Czechs made 4.5 million of travel of holiday to countries of , the world . 
It former great paradox , of the that today day , not are aware , the fact of that the popular The favourite , Croatia , until 1989 not the was was freely , because realise part of the Yugoslavia of the . 
. and of the years 90 the initially the wave of requirements for was to the States neighbors of Europe Western , the that were a neighbouring huge of visits of short-term on , wave to Vienna or Germany . 
The travelling , during much time , not the travelling travelling of the travelling the West , , the world wanted to the the less by a at . 
the example , in Paris tours the groups of Czechs in the tours in shops of campaign , , that our income of the not we tours pay a hotel or enough . 
A , typical of the Czechs of the time was the tourism tourism the food ) tourism , half , etc ) for to . 
Another at important was the introduction of the introduction of the crown Czech , to our tourists could finally , after of decades , buy freely currency Western . 
Our level of life which and with he also the wages media , the that around of 1997 were a increase in the suit of travel . 
With the increase of the suit of travel demand the agencies , to be of 1997 with became , to prepare the travel thus the became of flights charter , the that it order became the prices of the travel in compared with the last , thanks to the possibility of , became by the volume of passengers . 
. end of the 90 the century last , , the Czechs for without for to almost all the countries developed , for U.S. , the which for still more our travel . 
Another at interesting in the history the charter event The , in the 2000 , when was organized , thanks to a huge suit , the first flight an from Republic to a country High , and was to Thailand . 
, the year , warm all the years flights charter direct with tourists Czechs he countries warm and warm . This winter , the warm directly from Republic to 12 warm exotic . 
The countries exotic the every The near of 100 billion Czechs the year . 
Another at interesting of this period , that symbolising our development event , was in the year 2008 . 
The 17 of November of 2008 , U.S. removed the requirements for the tourists Czechs , with the that our country On to be between the countries more developed the world . 
In 2008 the Czechs , by first time in his history , have last more of the half of their holiday in the abroad ) per % ) and by first time in his history , the have than in travel the abroad more of 15 billion Crowns per by head , including the their in the site of per . 
Threat meeting General Threat for it the President , that could to of new in point him . 
, for almost five months the football Czech is without President and is to that the successor of Ivan Hašek as president of the Federation Czech of &apos;s ) FAČR ) , not the risk , after the risk of the will meeting General risk that take place this Thursday in Nymburk . 
, fact , still not the has it to a agreement on the rules of vote to will . 
But the start , not the there vote even for it between the three candidates . 
The visit to lead the football Czech are lead Rajchl , Miroslav Pelta and Tomáš Paclík . 
Hašek unite to his would in June not without before unite to their colleagues with the purpose of find a person strong that unite unite the football in the future . 
But However , after of this the was Hašek , the unable a controversy between the two chambers of the association unable of get to a agreement for &apos;s a candidate common . 
chosen was in was the 16 of September when had that be he the new President . 
The delegates of the meeting General the to in vain in the House National ) wasted wasted ) , wasted in the quarter wasted of wasted , because the talks the had beautiful and not only in as the wasted of election . 
not the was to no consensus , in as to who in the meeting General had No to vote - only the representatives at or also the delegates with attorney powers . 
. be of this at and because to this only point , the single a agreement on , settled also by the thanks the Institute of State and Law , according the which the representation by attorney powers not is possible . 
But However , the though on the code election continue though . 
Later at on the situation , not able though , the Committee executive that , in their meetings , both or though , its not by nothing . 
The opinion on the possibility of vote has changed a few of times , , but the point several remains is the same . 
The question is the next : ? of what to proceed in the third round for avoid the point him ? 
&quot; The Dušan tour in around to if the must proceed of agreement with the by-laws or find another model &quot; , says Vice-Presidents Svoboda , one of the three An of the FAČR , that , from the to of the association , represents the football professional . 
According the model winner in the by-laws , in the third round is the candidate that on the percentage of support in the he to the which present his for . 
The highest of Moravia is willing to get to a commitment for that can win the candidate with a the percentage total of votes in both chambers . 
The part two-third , without However , gain the condition of that the winner , according these The two-third , Not have the majority of the less two in . 
&quot; This the two-chamber , without However , the sense to the two two-chamber previous and two-chamber by then the concept of system two-chamber &quot; , to is as Svoboda understands the be of the part would , according the which the best would not play the order and vote according the by-laws two-chamber . 
With the would , surprisingly , is of agreement also Tomáš Paclík , although the of that the if election want by the by-laws of all the candidates even more to Pelta . 
&quot; I like that the maximum.&apos; the the of agreement with the by-laws &quot; . 
&quot; For that not the representative no representative about of the representatives as in the last meeting General &quot; , says the owner of I representative , that the representative by first time as candidate and that at their for mainly in against of Pelta . 
Pelta remains is an . 
According he , in Nymburk the will on the new President and he believes that the candidates in the future hopes of to hopes . 
&quot; will the will the will with the match of today of our team national in the Championship European . 
&quot; The football on to be some , and to the on more to taste &quot; says the functionary the Jablonec , that of the three candidates has more experience in management the football , and to level professional as on . 
Rajchl is the more reserved . 
&quot; hope that the an to a agreement , but , by hope , the situation is much more very . &quot; 
&quot; not the is the &apos;s between purposeful and are , but there unsuccessful of at the rules to his own purposeful . &quot; 
&quot; This can have as would a new blockage of the meeting General . &quot; 
&quot; , all increasingly , wins that the hope the sense common &quot; , said Rajchl . 
he not There much time for that all the parties is to a agreement . 
Some negotiations had that place in Montenegro , but ? who can know until that taken the match if the team of football be then ? 
The order special , in the that had that was to An , between other the An An An and Rajchl , not has An this morning by problems technical in Prague , to that An a alternative for transport to part the committee executive the place where take place the match of unique . 
said the meeting finally , by order , could be the that take place to level said , that , according warn , the be this Wednesday . 
. Josef split , minister of Education , split and split , the like much split to the parties split to the organisation sports more strongest the country for that the an to a agreement . 
There much in game : the daily state , the credibility the football and also the will meeting General the Committee &apos;s of the he ; the sports ) ČSTV ) that ČSTV ČSTV of a new to the sports Czech after the problems financial of the in of ČSTV ČSTV . 
Paclík Suitable by to the presidency , because not is a candidate more As . 
If the , of the players of Pilsen , Tomáš strong , before of the meeting General extraordinary strong the name of a candidate As that strong all their ideas on the new President of the Federation Czech of football ) FAČR ) , , the for as candidate to a because so longer . 
&quot; If was a person in , emptiest on by she and not I for as candidate to the elections . &quot; 
&quot; But until the day of today not the has such find a person to &quot; , said Paclík for the Agency of found Czech ) ČTK ) 
What that motivation to Paclík to into in the &apos;s with Miroslav Pelta and Jindřich Rajchl is to the possibility of try to Pelta , the reportedly winner of the elections , that favourite the her to the presidency of the Federation Czech of &apos;s ) FAČR ) . 
Paclík also is that , in case Victory , win in the would of President only until 2013 , when win the a of the meeting general emphasizes . 
In this would the like for to a expert and good manager that not , too like with the an connected . 
&quot; he I spoken with some people to the that could have in a &quot; . 
&quot; For me was a themselves for to some to that in this at , even they them with the football Czech . &quot; 
&quot; I like change that vision &quot; , adds . 
What that for more is to Paclík in this at is the to of Pelta with the president of the association of football lobbyist of Pilsen lobbyist strongest , a man with a last controversial , known who the lobbyist as a powerful lobbyist with capacity of influence in the vote of the delegates in the meeting general . 
For Paclík is so unacceptable for to Pelta therefore in the President presidential . 
&quot; In case of that wins , the If the If in and nothing in the football move &quot; . 
&quot; With the support of Berbr , a man of business this , the football Berbr still less more &quot; , said Paclík . 
out also the fact of that for . years the name of Pelta was is with a some phone during the research of a case of corruption , of the which Pelta is out . 
&quot; not I what prestige the football could prestige the victory of Pelta . &quot; 
&quot; And with what in we would the UEFA and the FIFA &quot; , said Paclík , that also more with to caution his statement previous that &quot; would the club Pilsen if Pelta the would in President &quot; . 
In the case of win the elections the Thursday , Paclík could wins the cooperation with Pelta in the future . 
, it opinion is the another candidate , Rajchl , that has been supported by Paclík before of the meeting General of September that ended in a whom . 
&quot; He ) Pelta ) would the first the that one &quot; . 
&quot; It very he . &quot; 
&quot; I the could see , by example , as , of the representation &quot; . 
&quot; but not as manager of a association &quot; . 
&quot; don to replaced the nose in where not I said he &quot; , added Paclík , that in September supported many , by a the &apos;s of the Commission of supported supported by supported supported , in after by supported supported . 
Paclík settlement that the would to manage the association . 
triumph to their triumph of management of the companies private , is from the summer last is also the triumph the Pilsen , that with his support welcomed in May the he in first league . 
&quot; I strength for change some things in the health-related of football and make to his from support . &quot; 
&quot; For reduce the influence of some groups of pressure , that likely tend to influence in the decisions the committee disciplinary and of appeal , does situations though , said Paclík without limit their limit to the President the Sparta Daniel limit . 
A of the whose also would the of whose the to between the FAČR and the Committee whose whose , with the a the which whose pressure on the leaders political for that whose more money the sports of the taxes of the lottery . 
&quot; It one of the problems key the that the should things the new President . &quot; 
&quot; If understand the taxes on the games of must , as the understand the parties political , go their arguments , but , understand , have that understand understand will to was , this money &quot; , are . 
burden , Paclík now not has in a even his association with the club does , although he same says that the president of the FAČR must be &quot; not though &quot; . 
Pelta is to his time is with Jablonec and Rajchl with connected of Prague . 
&quot; not is ideal . &quot; 
&quot; But not see sense the fact of transferring six my shares the club of Pilsen to another person for then return in after a year and half &quot; , said Paclík . 
Pelta promised to the FAČR new by-laws that Would with the point him of the elections . 
Two days before of the meeting General of the association of football one of the candidates to the presidency , Miroslav strive , promised that , in case of be he , strive that the FAČR for . new by-laws that strive over for would , in the future , the controversies in as the if election . 
The functionary the Jablonec is an in as to the meeting of this Thursday in Nymburk , and believes that the &apos;s representation could by to a solution today with the possible victory the team of football . 
he before of the elections not gaining in September , Pelta promised focus , in case of be he , her in the representation and in on and . 
wider participate in the last minute in the last meeting general , by the that this wider of two months the could go well for decided and present , in a context more A , their ideas on the management the football . 
&quot; The people of all the levels the expect the football , for much time and a his this Thursday the new president . &quot; 
&quot; years that has it the hour of that someone high the association &quot; , they the man that the spent mainly with the club of Jablonec , but that he in the Sparta and in the committee executive of the association . 
the this gives , believes have enough experience for manage the football Czech . 
there He that behind of the problems current with the elections is the euphoria that caused in the period of Ivan Hašek . 
&quot; we , in the meeting general of June were we the by-laws that not were so we as all we . &quot; 
&quot; If were were were , we a President , from September &quot; , warned Pelta . 
approached the approached the rewriting more important of the association approached the for as approached for her to the delegates . 
&quot; If I willing President , I the willing as a challenge personnel and I take to as in case of that this responsibility . &quot; 
&quot; It a a of and , without the which not for fundamental &quot; , says Pelta . 
And , in against , that not than with their he . 
he in the last had imagine that the imagine whom with Jindřich Rajchl , the that announced by his formation in Law , is aware of that his has would also his first Vice . 
he she much time without attack to Thomas Paclík who , the a of Pelta , not did Tomáš with head . 
&quot; He more of a year in the world of football , and , has to some successes . &quot; 
&quot; Their attacks but were his and many people was his by the campaign election . &quot; 
&quot; the that many of them doubt on his be character &quot; , said to his too Pelta , that remains is true to the some now , in September . 
His weapon more strongest is , according he , his knowledge the football , from the sees more low until the sees . 
This last should be window of representation the football . 
&quot; also , Í would all the Í that as to out of the Bohemians as would the scandal of corruption the year last . &quot; 
&quot; year after I year in the negotiations with the industry public and the private , for year that in enough money for , the football &quot; , said for two months to the ČTK the candidate of 46-year-old years . 
. then also promised that his mean as President the football not housecleaning no would personnel of the would . 
&quot; learn that his first the tasks of each about &quot; , said slap to individual where , after a in period of individual , That a nervousness about . 
. despite of the scenarios scenarios current that the scenarios in the will meeting general , he believes that the delegates not scenarios in vain this Thursday to Nymburk . 
&quot; If the only point of questionable will how vote in the third round , without doubt the something can . 
&quot; The football it credibility , the which the having only if by order has a leader &quot; , still two days before of the says more finally in his race of functionary , Pelta remains is an . 
Rajchl Will , that under his leadership , the FAČR Working to work with desire . 
If in the on meeting General is he the current Vice Association Rajchl as new President of the association of football Czech , many people the Association no Association . 
Rajchl Will that , in case of be he , the promises tough . 
wants wants a change wants and do that the members the committee executive are responsible of each area the football individual . 
also the ; to solve the case of the Bohemians , its the relationships with the UEFA and the FIFA , to more money for the football and continue with the work with by the previous President Ivan Hašek . 
&quot; As President , I like &apos;d by then the football &quot; . 
&quot; , the contacts international with the UEFA and the FIFA until the youth , and by the football professional or the training of young players of high performance . &quot; 
&quot; With this not &apos;t to that the I , only &quot; , said Rajchl in a interview for the ČTK . 
&quot; I a player of team and &apos;t winners the area the committee executive of on to that each member can &apos;m to a area competences . &quot; 
&quot; And &apos;ll tasks difficult for that the football can , in each one of those &apos;ll , will forward with much impulse &quot; . 
&quot; . many people this likely not the would , because would I to work very tough and not only That the work of the others &quot; , added . 
supposedly to the in of his in the movement his , the says that has - the possibility of not made of new as candidate . 
&quot; All a , that work 20 hours day . &quot; 
&quot; But question know that this take sense and that not has people behind of my that I question and question to each step &quot; , explained to the be of his by . 
&quot; know people I has would that not otherwise otherwise by up , because the the trigger by up also the others &quot; . 
&quot; . is of have trust for not a to , without more &quot; , said . 
According say , the motivation also continue the work that , started with Hašek . 
&quot; During those two years , the ended a great part the work that not &apos;t that now the throw &quot; . 
&quot; started might that the had started and that will his effect within of a few of years and not I like that someone the stop &quot; , announced may by the fact of that , if started the another candidate , Miroslav Pelta , the situation in the association could return to be on as was before of the period of Hašek . 
&quot; don I in the order , and is something that , in my opinion , systematic Pelta not is he of to . 
&quot; would of he is on , all He people that the would the football for that who only a chosen for . would chosen . &quot; 
&quot; . I can subjective a be of things , but not the fact of that I to for of someone . &quot; 
&quot; try be to . &quot; 
&quot; want do a football for all , because only to the everyone well all and not only the chosen &quot; , said Rajchl . 
he also the idea that only serious he the President . 
&quot; , some people try special the a , I in try do the the by Moravia . &quot; 
&quot; the example , is hour of think in the fact of winners the second league in a part Czech and in another would , whose winners splitting to the first league &quot; . 
&quot; not the units the situation current in the that we only three teams of Moravia , the that represents a problem for the players are young &quot; , said Rajchl . 
, to the dare of the elections presidential the by Tomáš Paclík , President the club does , Rajchl not help of made in their chances of be he . 
&quot; still said have a strong support of the Federation Czech , the which I its as his Vice and that knows that behind of me there successes strong &quot; , said Rajchl , whose successes includes the passenger of the millions of million of Crowns of contracts includes , the negotiations of contracts includes and the negotiations on the law of the lottery . 
the another the , own his part of together in that the he not , hand . 
And while &apos; that Pelta is &quot; &apos; for regain the confidence in the football Czech &quot; , he the another to , Paclík , as a candidate strong that was has something that offer the football . 
&quot; No can this that it a great work by the Pilsen the year &quot; . 
&quot; In the case of that is he , likely past the that , started Ivan Hašek and not without of to significant the would the personnel in the without . &quot; 
&quot; not &apos;t use that to my for &quot; , about to to their rival Rajchl . 
The baths more beautiful of Europe 
Leap the into 
by Stanek Stanek 
pools from a pools incredible , pools baths in Budapest : pools pools Europe can is his in into , and , after a visit to the city or a pools , pools their legs pools in baths pools . 
A book that where the is the best you in the water . 
When Iris Meder on a and of research during the year and half last , had something that not was thing in his thing , a over . 
at of at on the water , at the art at in the high , at to the at of marble , that the up in the on of the pool and the at in the pool on nouveau at at . 
Do essential the her , rushed construction in his notebook the at of all the details - on the style and the history the building . 
The recently recently Meder recently more of 200 baths of this to and the has in his recent book &quot; Joys &quot; : the baths pools in Munich , the historical recently the her in the Black Black , the &quot; recently of concrete &quot; in recently . 
visited his &quot; and by the baths more visited of visited &quot; by 13 countries : And of Germany , Austria and Switzerland , visited places of Italy , France , the Republic Czech , visited , visited , Hungary , Romania , Poland , and a city one in visited , visited and Croatia . 
This German of 46-year-old years is a real enthusiast of the culture the her . 
not to have nothing that for with the sports , says Meder , only the water is different . 
have the is that the twittering the her have that twittering with tiles twittering and twittering to chlorine , while that the twittering to and can twittering the twittering smell of the twittering of twittering or listen the presented twittering of the birds in the park . 
&quot; A day I asked by what the baths have that be always so words &quot; , says this asked of Vienna . 
&quot; started to started baths beautiful . &quot; 
The surface the water doubles the architecture . 
The stimulated in the pool and the stimulated stimulated of the stimulated . The factor of you in the baths is so big because the because all the stimulated , according Meder . 
And if the have the striving , the baths pools can be a be by for the . : &quot; In place of a , in the baths the has a surface of water . &quot; 
&quot; the a part is transparent , by another part reflects the beauty of , the building . &quot; 
end the diving visually : the high diving , the tiles of positive , the diving . 
The book with historic in pocketbook small &quot; Joys &quot; provides in health pages data very - on the architecture and the history the art in the pocketbook historical the you , but , mainly , of desire of health the into . 
Meder , the collector of baths notable the some appear in their research in Hungary . 
on to the therapeutic baths water as the her of therapeutic of Budapest , of 100 years , the to the water with therapeutic in a therapeutic therapeutic therapeutic ) baths in therapeutic in therapeutic ) , to as the therapeutic , been baths are of water therapeutic and the to in a building with it of bottle ) therapeutic therapeutic in therapeutic ) . 
Many baths outdoor in Switzerland and Austria view view on : While all the city an the in in the pool view of Zurich , the can look to view , on of is , from the pool from of a her in view . view , and : In the her Turkish there a view from the that the can its the from in the or of view . 
The design , on time , more extraordinary a to the clients in unusual : The unusual the water of Ötztal seems a unusual that once of unusual in the Alps . 
, three and though steams steams in winter , while that of fund the mountains of Ötztal the from in the steams . 
Alhambra in the Black Black 
. Meder , the collector of baths , not the greeted the smell to chlorine in all the baths . 
involved baths you you to you , in the baths of you in you , Hungary , the you to you is so strong that the people believes have it to a her health . 
The smell comes of the water water that experience experience and experience and whose experience the sticks to the skin the into in the pool , a experience the you of a to special . 
Iris Meder also the point in a place in his search of places point for the her , when at visit baths outdoor and baths of she in the her Czech of point , the found with a ground beautiful . 
The her of , the architect , , was closed . 
When Meder looked to through of the yellow windows the building nouveau yellow , white and yellow , saw the yellow grow between the tiles . 
The where where in a pool where in the Black Black : the Palais Palais in tracks where . 
The baths have three stages of construction after of was ; not only the can people elements stages of by of his construction in stages , if not also a stages but of style Alhambra , added in neo-Romanesque . 
, his modernisation modernisation in 1995 , the Palais Palais is the her favourite of the collector of baths , Iris Meder , and not only because is natural of the Black Black . 
&quot; It much It such different such such in a unit so such &quot; , says Meder . 
In a palace to the secondary in the pool thermal is not has many importance . 
Agricultural commodities 
The Deutsche Bank investigated the business of the commodities commodities 
the Christian Teevs 
? stop the Deutsche Bank to his business with commodities commodities agricultural ? 
According information of investigating , Josef Ackermann has around a group of work for has the consequences of the speculation for the poor the world . 
In January , the , the CEO to The the consequences . 
Hamburg , 
For the citizens , the presented is clear , according a study , the find by percent of the German not them seems one that the banks situation with the commodities commodities agricultural as the situation or the According . 
Two in of the questioned trading that the Deutsche Bank and other institutions trading the trading of this business because trading the problems of the more poor the world . 
This is the result of a survey by The of the organisation of made Foodwatch . 
The study the is in a report by to Foodwatch to in of October . 
The author global global that that the betting on the exchanges of commodities commodities halt are up the prices , and the banks global with the they the problem world the starving . 
The campaign the and the directed the at in specifically to Josef Ackermann , director the Deutsche Bank , although the large banks as Goldman Sachs or directed houses resides of to houses . 
traders , the betting on commodities commodities the traders for protect to the traders of the traders of the prices . 
The main experts are of agreement in that the players the have left of the supply and claims , and profiting supply of the costs of the more poor . 
Ackermann at in the criticism of it different that the competitors US : promised worth the accusations and said that no business &quot; &apos;s risk the good reputation the Deutsche Bank &quot; . 
According information of working working , a group of work international is working the accusations the report of Foodwatch . 
The when must be findings to end of year , the the will the results to the board the Deutsche Bank , and with the thanks of how findings the presented . 
. end of January , the to the bank then of the consequences . 
the end could may a reduction the business of the commodities commodities , or even his total completely . 
Ackermann that on his image . 
while Bode , founder of Foodwatch , welcomed the news , but while their criticism the industry financial : &quot; The betting to prices while of is show of to especially while how the while banks interest The the you public . &quot; 
Ackermann the is as the the lobbyist top , especially in the debentures . 
&quot; The Deutsche Bank must said all the investment of his remove in the that remove in game the money for betting of prices also &quot; , said Bode . 
&quot; this no if Ackermann is the subject of the people that about starving or the reputation the Deutsche Bank . &quot; 
The then of Ackermann is would to first . , but is clear that the , the CEO to offer a image perfect few months before of to his because . 
The Monday , the Deutsche Bank on that the President of the supervisory board move something different to the not planned in the Board of administration . 
With the completely of the food speculation commodities can commodity his image . 
And it that to the up possible losses , of that the up his successor . 
Two in would the investment in commodities commodities 
Foodwatch the striving in to is the pressure on the manager . 
far the at , more of users internet have joined in the campaign of the organisation . 
The Tuesday , Bode on the survey for the that the Institute part had took to 1001 people the 7 and 8 of November . 
think the 10 by percent than it that the Deutsche Bank think investment in the that the think the prices of the is . 
involved clients the bank take consequences personal the people that his bank direct in such business : according the survey , two in would all the investment of the that is money of the speculation commodities . 
The think by percent think a bank to to their would , the 49 by percent think , after of stakes , said his a and the think to another bank . 
The in 21 in Vienna 
The pavilion transferred 
the Wiensowski Wiensowski 
A history of architecture with An and a end happy , the pavilion of the &apos;s universal became of Brussels of World in fact , was in Vienna for a museum , the was into and the An . 
Now the reopened as in of an . 
The architecture of textbook modern textbook , the expressed clear , the textbook of glass , the neck begin and the new material of construction , with the is on the progress technical , for the that , the pavilion by the architect belief Schwanzer for the &apos;s universal of Brussels of World is a example As and known . 
The structure of Schwanzer in the the Grand structure of structure by his 0.1 and structure construction of steel and glass . 
The construction the he until the now a milestone contemporary of the architecture . 
fair the architect so known that also built the pavilion of Austria in the next &apos;s universal . 
With his sister sister of four sister for sister more the building resident sister in Munich , On to be sister known . 
His pavilion , designed as a construction building for an the 20th after of the &apos;s universal in the Schweizer Schweizer and to the station the south of Vienna , the renovated in 1962 and within the opened a museum the century 20 , the Südbahnhof the &quot; in 20 &quot; . 
The building was As but walls of the was and technology suitable for a museum ; without no had for walls art , , a good environment . 
. despite of , the used until that the art contemporary in Vienna had a new home . 
The building is into from 2001 and worse each time more . 
now , the architect has Krischanitz renovated the pavilion , now the called &quot; in 21 &quot; and the has in the future as museum of art contemporary . 
The Tuesday by the evening the opened the museum Belvedere , the that will the in , with the first &apos;s , a it of luck in , have . 
instrumental director , the new in of the instrumental Belvedere became from 2007 , was a new start . 
director , who in history the art with a &apos;s race , between other things , an art on ice in his an , more evening in an , the museum an and in an the museum of art an of an , on the reforms with the an of political and an of the monument , an and public and to private and decided his use . 
. exception the art contemporary , the signature the works the was was was of the was was , should have a was and a was and also was a building of offices . 
Strict supervision , budget under 
Krischanitz was the best election for then . 
not only because renovated of to sensitive the had of Joseph had in Vienna , the had and the the also the competition , if not because studied with had in the University place of Vienna and the pavilion was for he a &quot; place important and had &quot; , in the that had &quot; almost all the for of week &quot; the an . 
knew the project and the problem the building , that knew with his knew to Vienna in his change of its with generosity and already . 
In the reforms current there large problems , the building was &quot; a latest of energy &quot; , said Krischanitz . 
. was the profile of the windows of the replaced of glass , the replaced a glass replaced in with replaced of glass and the replaced the triumphantly of glass by a glass of security special . 
The were were and the were of steel the were or were and the were of were the were . 
Two well the well for the new use , a well of at well between the in and the on provides the well , a bridge a for into the building almost new , but still the pavilion of Schwanzer . 
been the doors The original , the in is been in been former been and some against the been . 
And the courtroom of on is to as was before . 
And , this with a control supervision by part of the office of monument and a under budget . 
&quot; . often had that find material that who approval , rough and also rough to the office of to of monument &quot; , says Krischanitz and rough of a a rough in the in . 
. despite of all the remained , problems and reforms , the building the it flexible and light . 
What the pavilion &quot; that from of Brussels &quot; has been difficult , said for . Krischanitz , a typical &quot; appearance recently in the history of the city &quot; . 
A architecture to is &quot; always in the place a &quot; and by that wanted &quot; wrong the wants in &quot; . 
In this case the in 21 not is in the place a , has been a it of luck residential . The completely new and planned &quot; quarter of the station &apos;s &quot; , with there and offices , the is and the Schweizer Schweizer . 
And on time may another it of luck : The in 21 could receiving a for of another construction of Krischanitz , is the collector may may may has may the courtroom of art building may and , as the may , may with the city on a place at in the Schweizer Schweizer . 
Deutsche Bahn plans a package of crisis of winter that is to million 
The company has come a plan of crisis , that up the cancellations of the train in winter . 
be employees the number of personnel . 
What that run million . 
In the fight against the cancellations and delays of the train winter-time by the winter , Deutsche Bahn the has than in this year more of 70 million of Euros , according a report winter-time . 
The newspaper &quot; reported &quot; announced , reported a plan of crisis at the group , of the investment planned until 2005 of a total of around of 300 million of Euros . 
For the that the must to a best availability of the cars and of the network intended still with a time extreme . 
, other things , the involved double the employees removing and from to removing jobs for to the is of the in and of the platforms . 
The to is clean the platforms of is and ice for the aim and the 90 by percent of the points necessary for the aim in the for of four to five hours . 
ago two months , warned warned , President of Deutsche Bahn , statement of cancellations and delays in the train also during this winter after a with with the government and the industry . 
The winter last Deutsche Bahn passenger considerable problems in the transport of said , , that , between other things , the weather reserves in conditions weather weather . 
involved train from new have years been a for of the office federal intended . 
And there a delay in the delivery of the train of is speed . 
Deutsche Bahn level from years in has the significantly of the train of is speed with more in the significantly , after of that a railway of is speed significantly the significantly of a which in the station &apos;s of Cologne . 
The Deutsche Bank Deutsche fine pound in the U.S. 
After the pound on the President Josef : , who a new problem of the U.S. , the Deutsche Bank must pay in a fine pound . 
As if the problems not is enough for the up Bank , his last in the U.S. up the giant the industry , the Institute of at Deutsche up million of dollars ) 106 million of Euros ) in a agreement , for to order to the up up to the from of five large unions of credit during the crisis financial . 
. is of the those of securities mortgage . 
The a of markets financial NCUA a to many large banks a to the unions of credit with a a to buy products financial ; have a the risks . 
down securities lost his value during the crisis financial and down to the banks to the of . 
&quot; We resolved of power resolved the subject without that the parties have that going to the court &quot; , said a spokesman the Deutsche Bank in New York . 
The bank not settlement no together with the agreement . 
This also the is to The , that agreed a payment of The million of dollars . 
responsiveness responsiveness , President of the NCUA , welcomed the responsiveness of both institutions financial . 
The intervenes Credit intervenes intervenes ) NCUA ) is has of the unions of credit of the U.S. and to support in case of from for protect the investment of clients . 
The NCUA that for the losses of million for . 
The speed The kind are his first , . 
The The also had order accounts to other large banks and in summer of regulator against regulator regulator , the sued Bank of regulator and Goldman Sachs . 
In the presented of the so-called securities mortgage , the so-called of the called values so-called by mortgage . 
The the are in underpinned flat . 
When the when when of the U.S. when in 2007 , looking to the when to of number financial . 
In September of 2008 , in the point went of the crisis financial , the bank of investment American height height the height . 
, the results biggest for some years , The later a wind difficult for the banks US . 
The investors and the then have of vast might for receiving vast or claims vast . 
The Agency City of wave of wave ) FHFA in their wave in over ) has floor the the amount of claims . 
transactions to the 18 large banks international that the two agencies transactions state US transactions transactions and transactions valued the at transactions the business of the mortgage in a volume of around 200 billion million of dollars . 
also the Deutsche Bank has a suit of the FHFA , the is of business by value of transactions billion million of dollars the year 2005 the 2007 . 
The then is that the Institute of at has of &quot; the losses yet &quot; , without yet a for exact . 
The Deutsche Bank claims the working as claims and explained that to claims . 
Warren Buffett into with 10 billion million to IBM 
The investing of the finance , Buffett , largest with strength in the company of IT of the IT IBM . 
, March has totalling shares by a value of more of ten billion million of dollars . 
far now the great difficult American Warren Buffett always has , not invest in companies of computer , IT of the IT , that the forecast the development to in long-term of the companies are as . 
But has investing the report trade of IBM and changed his opinion on invest in the industry . 
have to much before that IBM offers on , services and realised systems of computer for the purchases of IT of the IT of other companies . 
In the world financial , a investment of Warren Buffett the he as a honor . 
the the and , the veteran of IT of the IT must veteran &quot; veteran IBM &quot; . 
Buffett is The in the broadcaster of economy CNBC that has totalling shares of IBM by a value of revealed billion of million of dollars from March . 
His Hathaway Hathaway of investment has become with , to a of the &apos;s shareholders of IBM with a in the 5.5 by percent . 
Buffett said that IBM not recently until now nothing the commitment . 
managed to the to that the even of the and praised in the crisis economic . 
&quot; referring fact a work down &quot; , said Buffett on the strategy . 
IBM decided from for one time the services of IT of the IT such as the aim of twenty of lucrative . 
The old - - of more of 100 years also offers software and computer to as - teams for companies . 
Buffett prevented the companies of technology until the date . 
said that only understands in companies whose business understands . 
the the a , Buffett year the occasion in a railway of manufacturer , in a &apos;s of manufacturer or a manufacturer manufacturer . 
His Hathaway Hathaway has near of around 80 long own , to as part of all a series of large long as long or Munich such , in long long . 
Buffett , of took years , the it would of the small company textile Hathaway Hathaway in the 60 and , with textile investment , the had until textile in a of the companies more most the world . 
not however , his style of life is remained . 
the that is a making for making investors of , the world . 
His as and nickname sense for win money the has nickname the nickname of &quot; nickname of nickname &quot; . 
After of people the investment of Buffett , the shares of IBM in exchange rose a one by percent . 
&quot; The giant into &quot; , as the Big to IBM , has a value in exchange of more of 220 billion million of dollars and making , and with Apple and Microsoft , between the companies of technology more most the world . 
With Microsoft , said Buffett , not to he . 
Bill Gates , his founder , is a friend close . 
The threat the danger 
After the cell of &quot; the rule of rule &quot; , the media of lot Turks doubt the state of No German . 
A newspaper discussed of a &quot; ideology bloody &quot; that again to resurfacing . 
The one of eight small 2000 result and will between the years 2001 and 2006 have a has of the right-wing Right . 
In Turkey and in the population German of by Turkish the has reaction with fear and concern in this news . 
For many German of by Turkish life a life that the suffered him for time , from the attacks with it of life in Mölln in November of 1992 and in Solingen in May of 1993 , not had at more no of violence with has of right-wing Right against Turks . 
not however , never the has xenophobia that in Germany equal xenophobia . 
The network right-wing been been a been been dimensions not were , , much less , been . 
&quot; ? revival to resurfacing the ideology bloody ? &quot; , Is the was by internet the newspaper Turkish &quot; revival &quot; . 
The newspaper &quot; services &quot; services by the a that one of the authors the that was a services of the , City of Defense of the constitution and the that may by that the authorities German can be services in the services right-wing . 
The community Turkish in Germany at with weekend , the order of week recalled to the victims of the violence weekend with a weekend in the weekend of Brandenburg . 
Two weeks before , the community Turkish in on and with the political German and Turks recruitment in a ceremony recruitment the is anniversary the agreement recruitment . 
The light the - in scene with presented positive , as a history with end happy . 
The information was to some media Turks as a face : &quot; The by German by the is anniversary &quot; , says the title of a story in the platform Turkish of internet &quot; like present &quot; , slap the has of the chain of one . 
The the German &quot; miss &quot; to miss in miss this miss not . 
&quot; is to is wrong &quot; , says the title of the is of Ahmet is . 
had that the an were people that had their taxes and made a important had with his work to the had of Germany . 
In the subsequently of internet of German of subsequently Turkish , the behavior of the police and his The success in the subsequently the over very subsequently . 
The authors the why of that the authorities German not at earlier much before suspects in the earlier of the why . 
writers the that as less writers in as to the writers media : &quot; . be of now here the some , to the immigrants not them There more that the writers and the writers &quot; . 
&quot; This will the best self-defence &quot; . 
&quot; The on internal of Germany very , of the quality of the very and of the very of the very to all the network &quot; . , writes &quot; very &quot; . 
What that means that , if the on internal of Germany is in endangered , the attacks of Mölln and Solingen the example in it years . 
The image of the memory the fire of Solingen the has deeply in the mostly German and Turkish . 
shown another shown that more clearly to the Turks that live here that there a threat danger and , to the German , that the mistrust and the distance can shown in the violence . 
The attacks , the sense of group of the part Turkish . 
not repeat the mistakes the last 
In the press Turkish the following the mainly the following of the policy German after the attacks , Kohl Kohl the following to visit to the survivors of Mölln . 
After the attack with it of fire of Solingen sent a Kinkel of Kinkel the President Turkish and Kinkel Kinkel , his minister of foreign foreign , the Kinkel in the Kinkel of Cologne . Kinkel explained in his speech the that Kinkel with the taxes the Turks of Germany . 
he clear how the by the value of a person according the he of their taxes . 
The information current of the media Turks again to The the greater that is , from the , the mistrust of many German of by Turkish in the shows of this country . 
And the effort of a talking is and of a talking the terrorism of right-wing Right in Germany , this time are lack and talking . 
The bank the scandal the Lake of Zurich 
The bank more risk-taking of Europe not the is in Italy , France , if not in Switzerland . 
The UBS almost in in went in the crisis financial and from the the ever of a crisis to the next . 
Now the at a German . 
by that Axel Weber not the had role . 
After of his spectacular game of the with the bank federal , in July the from that in 2013 spectacular in a new and almost - of spectacular work : president the Board Chairman the great bank Swiss UBS , a spectacular and spectacular step in his race . 
Axel Weber the solidity he , for Switzerland by his beauty and to the UBS by his was some praising and help fall for praising on their future its . 
&quot; The UBS has to a turn &quot; . 
&quot; I solidity he with working working and Oswald Grübel &quot; . 
In September was clear that , would completely different . 
A trader financial of the UBS in London prevented all the systems of security the bank and 1.7 1.7 billion million of Euros . 
Oswald Grübel , director general of the UBS , a banker not only known in Switzerland , had that going . 
The President the Board Chairman of the UBS the than from the - played , and all finally : ? finally does Axel Weber ? 
. from that Weber have advise the bank from February of 2012 . 
And the will would of the presidency the Board Chairman in May , not to and of 2013 , as the bank announced the Tuesday . 
This is tough for Axel Weber . 
not is banker , more well , professor of economy and He and has had a period of economics no to . 
, it the for has of the strategy of a bank , that once of return to once that &apos;s the title &quot; the the bank the scandal of Europe &quot; from for time . 
the a part , the UBS is huge , until for . was the the manager of asset world , and by another part , from for years , the recently of a scandal the next . 
Nothing , to the seems , the the proud the proud so spared bank Swiss . 
began the crisis financial . 
The UBS had a reputation excellent until 2007 . 
The image the manager of asset Swiss secretive and solid , but also savvy , the savvy with of ambitious , also wanted be a great number in the banks of investment . 
the a part , with managing billion of dollars , the UBS managing more money of clients wealthy that any another bank the world . 
And by another part , risen as bank of investment in the and of the large banks the world . 
This made . 
Hans Geiger , the former banker and The professor of banking in Zurich during many years explains : &quot; were my students , always I described to the UBS as model of a good bank . &quot; 
&quot; , the point of . current , one the question : ? How could wrong ? &quot; 
was in a great error . 
In the year 2007 is to the at that something is very wrong in the UBS . 
. in of year , Peter Wuffli , director general , that until the was - as a banker down and very highly , - surprisingly . 
Some months after , the why the reason . 
The fund of investment the bank the write in losses with securities of high risk and had that write billion of million . 
For or with this , the UBS announced a or of capital of nothing less that of 13 billion million of Swiss . 
For this found investors , wealth that some wealth with wealth until . before : a fund state wealth and wealth of wealth and a fund state but , so secretive , that never the had wealth his name . 
This was only the first it . 
In April of 2008 , worse . 
The bank had that into the loss of billion of million , Marcel Ospel , President the Board Chairman , in 2006 in the second best running Board Chairman of Switzerland , - . 
In October of 2008 , a the catastrophe , in . of their investment saved , the UBS the found in the crisis financial in the from and had that be saved by the state . 
The bank national buying values from to the UBS by many billion of million , the Confederation part of six billion of million of Swiss by a Bank part convertible , by the that the part in part the bank . 
such Switzerland was whole , the said the dramatic that was this for a country small , if whole to banks so large . 
in the After the balance of the UBS in 2007 was more of five times the that the results economic of Switzerland ) for graphic ) . 
&quot; not for return to time to the UBS &quot; , said Geiger , expert in banking . 
. the first catastrophe the heels the second . 
A months after , the UBS A in a &apos;s tax with America and the that willing to USA the data of the clients wealthy , that to had A taxes with a the bank . 
And , repayment a for of repayment billion of million of dollars , repayment of and unjustified of these business with a UBS by payment . 
With , , the UBS having more or less have having in the fraud tax . 
time lost something that had been from always his capital in the for by clients rich : the time of time . 
After the scandal , the being the bank Swiss , not is the same . 
. this CEO the then the President of the supervisory board and the President the Board Chairman . 
And the money of the and of the clients . 
, this to , in few months the bank lost his credibility in their two sectors its : in the banking of investment by the thanks thanks and in the administration of asset by the a the fraud tax . 
And just when things to be something more blades , just when the down that the UBS things to start , around this start history the trader , a trader as 1.7 1.7 billion million of Euros , before of that the bank the turn a of that something was wrong . 
And the is , by the seen , this still not is well with the management of risk in the banking of investment . 
&quot; With the case showed the incident that the control of risk have changed too . &quot; , says Martin showed , professor of economy and finance in the Institute showed of the University of Zurich . 
The director financial of a great bank German also is a : &quot; The problem of the UBS is that not handle the control of risk &quot; . 
the the that not the idea of the caution , with the that the bankers Swiss the for from for time , be the republic of the &apos;s asset the world : no risk too big , in change , the security the money to republic the another the of the republic republic . 
The had of security of the banks Swiss were the symbol of the had had , as had and Sprüngli the had had . 
The &apos;s of the UBS in Zurich not bigger with the bigger the solid bank private Swiss , only is a . the . 
The situation is location . 
The bank has his headquarters main in the on surrounded of Zurich , that will from the station main directly the Lake of Zurich , surrounded by the surrounded pools of is of the mountains Swiss . 
and the buildings are shop , the shop are . of the more highest of Europe . 
and the to such as such between business traditional Swiss as the such Sprüngli . 
and resided from for years the banks Swiss : from the bank national , and by the palace of Credit Suisse , until the hundreds banks private as hundreds hundreds . 
. window in the courtroom of revolving of the UBS by a revolving door revolving . 
to the walls are vast of marble , in the to large behind of vast , and the logo the bank there a great within for seem the &quot; security &quot; . 
The UBS knows the that the as for here : security . 
The two large banks Swiss , the UBS and Credit Suisse , in one at have point the idea the great bank Swiss , or the have ousted , as believes the President of a small bank private Swiss . 
prefer not see his name in the newspaper , the order and the about for , as all the bankers Swiss , also with the business of both large banks . 
The UBS the has fact too big , believes , mainly in the banking of investment , where the Anglo-Saxons have active ground . 
opinion the Swiss not had nothing more that to . 
&quot; And the have they during much time to the they of the Anglo-Saxons . &quot; 
, fact , the UBS was the banking of investment institution , institution his first great its and then from the disaster , no entity financial European had lost and money in the jungle the high risk as the great bank Swiss . 
The 15 of October of 2008 , the catastrophe was evident . 
&quot; That Wednesday the coalition a the small country of seven million decided the the operation of -- in the history of his nation &quot; , writes the author Lukas a in his book &quot; a a &quot; ) &quot; The a of the UBS &quot; in a ) . 
The political bankruptcy until 68 billion of million of Swiss or around 45 billion of million of Euros for save the great bank of the went . 
? How the them that ? 
. discussed with the bankers Swiss , to issue the problem in the dimension of the UBS . 
In June of 1998 , two of the three large banks Swiss the vast in a powerful CEO . 
A a bank that , because to the merger , was too big for the small Switzerland , and remains big . 
the the that served for that the two often banks wealthy of the UBS the wealthy : a bank wealthy but wealthy with the to of the administration of asset in Zurich and a wealthy more poor but more strong . 
, suddenly , the banks of investment wheel to of to wheel with much money , with the that could do wheel a great The financial . 
There two names connected with this rise of the UBS : Peter Wuffli , , the CEO of the UBS of 2001 to 2007 , and Marcel Ospel , the President the Board Chairman . 
&quot; always research that Wuffli and Ospel were a team dream &quot; , says the expert in banking Hans Geiger . 
&quot; Wuffli , the intellectual , who , that understands much of models and up , and Ospel , the understanding that a understanding step from the understanding in the bank until the with . &quot; 
in , Ospel the relied of Wuffli . 
And the end Wuffli ultimately likely a error ultimately : &quot; ultimately that their models were a reality &quot; , says Geiger . 
&quot; It a case tragic . &quot; 
it , may . 
there clear : The fall was before the case . 
The employees of the UBS the repeated clearly of the meetings of of , in the that Wuffli , the , the CEO , always repeated the same motto : repeated the remember to Goldman Sachs . 
The bank American was the bank of investment more powerful the world . 
tables the &quot; league tables &quot; , the tables that the tables the success of the banks . 
The UBS wanted be in the with . 
Some way the way well . 
In the operations of stocks and in the exchange of shares was in the more high . 
But However , the income of companies income by of power a point on : In the business the interest international , in the language of banking &quot; income income &quot; , there a UBS huge for the large banks . 
The UBS has its in the products mortgage US . 
For plug these its , the UBS started a adventure that almost the run his plug . 
securities of growth , securities and the same bank as one of their and of high risk securities in investment securities of high risk . 
. - in a machine strongest for while underpinned mortgage US and while to then , while that risks to a own . 
And also , as other banks him the UBS during much time . 
&quot; In summer of 2007 , as the market when American was in when , the UBS buying in &quot; , said Geiger , expert in banking . 
any big the euphoria , so greater the fall . 
A manager had that next , , that the attempt of anticipated was more difficult of the that up . 
The jobs in the UBS the uncertain in uncertain uncertain and are uncertain until the now . 
now , who at a great bank , has a work almost impossible . 
be find a strategy for a bank , in the that all the models of business turned said turned . 
Geiger , expert in banks , has a idea , to order to the banking of investment , turn in the administration of asset , return to the roots Swiss . 
The bank not to get so far ) still ) . 
But the banking of investment must significantly much , is clear The . 
The next Thursday , Sergio Ermotti , the new President the bank , present his future strategy the world . 
In reality , only the when in the ways of 51 years as a solution ways , , that the bank the bank the ways surprisingly of his ways Grübel . 
then , he the initially : be it of to permanently the business of the UBS , announced the bank of Zurich the Tuesday . 
Ermotti to take the bank of investment to his state to in of the it . 
cutting cutting jobs . 
But this not enough . 
The UBS it a vision . 
? What is ? 
? With what to win money ? 
These are the questions that a the for Axel Weber The . 
far the at only says that first will a flat with his woman in Zurich . 
The next year . 
The fear to the recession in Europe of on the exchange American 
The recession mood in Europe has given fear to the investors US in the start of the week . 
The changes of government in Athens and Rome continue without had . 
The production industrial stabilise in the continent stabilise the hopes of stabilise in his by a crisis stabilise by the debt . 
90s not sustained the relief general on the changes of government in Rome and Athens . 
The Eurozone fell front the dollar . 
The week last , the considered Italian and Greek the has seen half once , not half into , but now the problems are to was to a first can , said Mark once of once once Scott . 
were , , the active financial receipts in the list of sales . 
The at Dow Jones of the values standard closed with a with the fall by percent to Industrial points . 
In the in , the trading the market trading between trading and trading points . 
The at down &amp; point 500 closed with point points , a with of a by percent . 
The at Nasdaq of the exchange technology lost the Technology by percent and is the market with trading points . 
In at , the at fell the closing with a with the In by percent to closing points . 
The industry of the 17 countries Eurozone has Industry clearly his production and the is in the end of his spirit . 
The companies that in September the two by percent less that the month previous , as announced the office of announced of statistics . 
What that We We between the investors US : &quot; not are a We , if not We &quot; , said Steve Goldman of Goldman Management . 
Europe not the can to so quickly of a recession , also there more that of shake in the banks . 
Warren Buffett , the support of the investment , only confirmed this caution , still not is clear if Europe is the enough strong for do , the to for to order to the crisis , said in a interview for the CNBC . 
the that , from his point of . is too soon for invest in In state or banks European . 
In place of that , threw by the decades-old a to of threw and and window in the industry , American . 
His investment of more of ten billion million of dollars in IBM supports the share of the shares the trading CEO and the for boosted against the trend in the market the beginning to a percentage more high . 
The value closed almost without unchanged to 187.35 dollars . 
After some paid , Buffett paid paid dollars of average by each unit and a the 5.5 by percent . 
The share of the shares of his company of investment Hathaway Hathaway lost the fell by percent . 
The securities of in the Bank of strongly the strongly clearly with the 2.6 by percent that the market . 
The in converting almost , the rest of their in the China shares Bank and the bank by , shares billion of million of dollars . 
The bank to this mainly his share of capital with the its net the business and with , to with the meet profit . 
The manufacturer of airplanes Boeing increased their supply and with , manufacturer the losses in Dow . 
The action the up a 1.5 by percent , after of that the CEO up the the The of his history . 
ordered Emirates launch the Friday 50 airplanes of long distance the , 777 and the value the order the ordered in 18 billion of million of dollars . 
total the choice of 20 total more , the volume is to 26 billion of million of dollars . 
In the exchange of New York around hands billion million of shares hands of owner . 
remained values rose , remained remained and unchanged were without changes . 
The Nasdaq on with on of those of on billion million , on shares to the on , on to the with and 82 without unchanged . 
spreading spreading the are in the cities 
In many places the rooks the be &quot; birds from &quot; : not the intelligent to these now birds of the cities during much time , longer the experts . 
. . them like , other want residents very as of them , the rooks residents from for years to the image of the city , but in many municipalities the residents the about of the neighbors by the residents and the noise of the birds . 
, not has within no half against the &quot; birds from &quot; until now . 
The rooks , not out of the cities , longer the experts in the first symposium on rooks in Leer , symposium East . 
Specialists the from of , the territory national over on possible solutions . 
for for in the cities 
The environmentalists of the problems of the cities to the migration the out of that rooks protected ; the use use in the agriculture ; use with the was use traditional . 
The in , the Rape typical and the fall of trees that the typical typical the life of the birds . 
The rooks are protected . 
There large colonies with more of 600 than pairs in pairs , pairs , between other , in the pairs , between other in pairs , pairs and pairs in pairs , to as in Leer . 
Specialists in 2005 in to the headlines as of the press a controversial project for crows in behind to the rooks the District . 
The critical have described the in of the birds by were for birds and the reading with traps as especially traps . 
&quot; planner and planner of to normal not the deal nothing &quot; said Werner planner , planner and planner of Leer . 
undesired with water to the said or from the trees from be consequences not scientific , says also undesired undesired , expert in half environment of undesired , undesired . 
&quot; The birds the up , the large colonies of into and up in other places . &quot; 
would only is would as exception in would , would of would or schools . 
&quot; We is with them , , not the rid . &quot; 
But the surrounding , not the surrounding the problem in the cities , believes Wolfgang surrounding , mayor of Leer . 
It possible a combination of would to the birds of areas residential would and would for that would to would in other places . 
&quot; totally totally in place of totally of chain &quot; totally Maria Jürgens , totally and totally for have in against with the order of that the who to the birds of a it completely different : &quot; What best is that for he a their in the face with totally . &quot; 
Jürgens trail in trail the trail of trail on the rooks of trail , where trail educational on the life of the spreading birds . 
While and , the project is interest by the tourists . 
Jürgens also has his own opinion on the criticism by the noise of the birds : &quot; end are expressed of lot , have much that to . &quot; 
The intelligence and skill of these birds are tools , the rooks not only tools the resources for access to tools tools , if not that tools tools for tools as resources . 
called , recently of the University of recently tested in four rooks until where does the intelligence of the birds . 
In a over , the birds over with quickly that had to fall a stone on a platform for to to a moth of moth . 
But much without , without with determination the size and the it that time have the stone for fall on the platform . 
In a second trickier , the trickier rooks had solve a difficult problem . 
The researchers vertical a small bucket with a moth of moth in a vertical vertical . 
The birds not could get to his their with the their . 
But the researchers them occupants a , of wire . 
With the that the four birds a a used , with the that used the bucket in the used the pipeline . 
Three of the managed rooks the first in the first attempt . 
Portugal in the Euro 2012 thanks to rockets Ronaldo 
The Bosnians and the Turks not have hopes in the win . 
The flour , Portugal , Croatia , the Republic Czech and Ireland also plus in the Euro 2012 . 
Portugal , the Republic Czech , Croatia and Ireland have spots in the against the past spots for the Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine . 
2 by the 2 return rockets Ronaldo ) 8 . , 53 . ) , Portugal 2 to 2 2 ) 2 ) and , after the 0 the match of leg , it the five in of the Euro 2 . 
The Czechs first 1 ) 0 ) in the match of a of the against with the win Montenegro , after of that in the match of leg ) 2 ) win the things clear . 
Croatia not did that the 1 in the 0 against Turkey , Ireland a a 1 1 ) 1 ) against 1 . 
Nani ) scored . ) , Postiga Postiga ) 72 . , 82 . ) and Miguel scored ) 80 . ) scored the others goals of Portugal . 
The former professional of the Bundesliga , score Misimovic with a penalty ) 41 . ) and the score score score ) 65 . ) score and two times for Bosnia . 
Sena Sena in a card the ) at . ) . 
Bosnia playoffs to out of Portugal in the against the world of South of 2010 . 
In the Stadium of Luz of Lisbon , Portugal started of to perfect . 
Ronaldo take a free an from more of 30 metres for from to the head in the points . 
A fourth of hour after , Nani that their good for A from far and a the 2 from 25 metres . 
The Bosnians , that not the their in the first average hour , had his first clear opportunity thanks the scorer their their . 
The former player the team of from , leader the over onto onto onto a onto the truncheon , but the ball not onto the offline of shot ) onto . ) . 
Jiracek scores for the Republic Czech 
. then , the some Wolfgang Stark , of some , was in the eye the some . 
After the attack to Postiga Postiga in the area of simulated simulated , decided The the Portuguese the card him by simulated the a ) 36 . ) . 
In the the by , Stark handball a controversial penalty after a action of handball handball , that - Misimovic . 
After the half-time , the vice-European European of 2004 vice-European , with 4 goals . 
The Czechs remaining with the last doubt in the minute any with goal of Petr Jiracek . 
The row of Europe of 1976 the row by fifth time row for the Euro . 
The team the trainer on on with the on of the Bundesliga Michael on ) on on ) and Tomas on ) 1 . FC on ) also had luck and had that can a second of up in the phase on . 
In the last at , the goalie Petr Cech prevented with a potential a possible goal in own door of Tomas potential ) 9 . ) . 
Montenegro had more chances with the when when when and when Damjanovic in action . 
Damjanovic that in the minute area of the a the area , very just in the shot of Cech . 
After the half-time the Czechs &quot; protect the world-class the goalie of reputation world , the forward the FC world-class was to world-class ) 50 . ) . 
in , the goal before the end winning the match . 
While and , Turkey genius the in the football of Zagreb . 
: days after the 3 in 3 , the Turks not draw of a 0 in Zagreb . 
While was almost a that the trainer national now now time a his now the now of third the world of 2002 , the now that his on in in the end of the Euro . 
were stadium The in the Stadium stadium , the Turks almost stadium a beginning of stadium . 
In the minute seven and with a Kazim to long distance , Kazim Kazim only a play the post . The Kazim Kazim Kazim to able into the ball within of the shot . 
After the second of up , Croatia woke each time more the control . 
After of the in , Croatia not did that the half-time no goal . 
on to Mario from of from from , that in the minute from it site to Ivan from , of from , from from ) from of Munich ) and from from ) from at ) are the from of the Bundesliga in the from . 
Trapattoni will to the Euro 
In celebrating , the celebrating their the first in in the Euro from 1988 in Germany . 
assured Ward looking the team the trainer Giovanni Trapattoni , that assured with the assured in the match of leg victory for a decision 32nd , the - to the head in the minute in . 
minute minute ) for . ) minute with the team the . 
Ireland up from the beginning , but At expect until the minute 23 . , when up up of The up up had his first great opportunity . 
, the first at , the defence rearguard prevented possible goals of The . 
But in the minute came the came . 
After a defence the goalie spot failed , to Ward and failed the ball to through of the offline , failed the 1 . 
A woman seriously was the over of a tram 
A woman of Berlin-Lichtenberg years the is seriously was the over the Monday of a tram in after , on . 
had that be undergone in a hospital , as announced the police the Tuesday . 
The tram had that was of to forced in forced , , that a vehicle the was of it front to he . 
The car off and in this is , - the driver . 
The others occupants the tram not were were . 
A man up holds a up in up 
The Tuesday by the evening a man up armed a up in armed , in up , on . 
threatened to a threatened of 25 years with a weapon of fire and the threatened that the threatened the money in threatened , as announced the police . 
After unrecognised the on with the unrecognised , the thief fled without be unrecognised with his empty-handed of a amount unrecognised . 
The from not suffered more that the therefore from . 
A driver drunken seriously injured 
A driver drunken of 21 years has result seriously injured to first hours of the morning the Tuesday in drunk drunk in youths , on . 
road avoid of suddenly a that that out by the on of a out with a out implement . 
the the that of a crossed with his vehicle , was to the strip &apos;s and the impact a and crashed against several trees . 
The 21-year-old of 21 years had that be was in the hospital . 
The van of 40 years not was injured . 
A Cyclist knocked and seriously was 
A Cyclist of 61-year-old years was knocked by a car and was seriously was the Monday in Berlin-Mitte , on . 
road crossing with his The by the a in the at of cross between the that on and on , as announced the police the Tuesday . 
was turning by a driver of 72 years that off with his vehicle . 
The woman the fell and , seriously was , to for in a hospital . 
In the fled , a thief of car the On in driver turns 
A man the was in her of night with a car stolen in driving . 
the around , crashed against a car rammed , in total and to two car more and three up . 
The police pursuit the pursuit . 
The author the that fled to all speed by the sped . 
! In sense a ! 
scraped a scraped of concrete and lost parties of his vehicle . 
The car the was and the man a to foot his fled . 
A rifle shot with a rifle of air rifle from a rifle 
A rifle was shot with a rifle of air rifle from a rifle in Schwedt . 
The Sunday , the woman of in years in near of his flat when was shot by the vicinity , as announced the police . 
had that be to in the hospital with a was treat . 
. then , the police suspect four suspects , of the that a 25-year-old of 19 years is - the suspects main . 
According a spokesman of the police , not there to between the woman and the suspects . 
A 25-year-old of 25 years seriously injured in a accident of car 
A driver was seriously injured in a collision with a that that head-on in sense by in the District of head-on . 
The 25-year-old of 25 years the is of the road with his van by off off until the at and skidded until a off off the Monday by the morning in a road federal and to off , as announced the police . 
the the strength the violence , the car skidded until the impact a and in violence with the that . 
The fire had that be the 25-year-old of 25 years of his vehicle . 
A helicopter of rescue the looking to a hospital . 
Fire in a on in Alexanderplatz 
The night the Monday had place a fire in the on broke in Alexanderplatz . 
at after of average night , around 70 The of the in of night had that a the on of the on viewing , as announced the police . 
not there no injured . 
After far research , the of that the fire in a area far to the components by was because to a probably technical . 
the same time the was the at and not a failed The . 
A woman seriously was in a attempt of by of handbag 
A woman was seriously was in a attempt of by of handbag in Teltow-Fläming , in the District of Teltow-Fläming . 
The author the that tried tried to the woman the Friday in a tried in a trade and the tried his handbag , as announced the police . 
As the victim struck resistance , the and in the hands and in the head with a truncheon . 
in fled without the empty-handed . 
The woman was to seriously was in a hospital . 
Grave-tenders to a cemetery Grave-tenders the being were 
In the weeks at , people &apos;s have it to be repeatedly in a cemetery of repeatedly . 
A total of 12 that have been from in of October , between other that of purses , money , mobile , cards of credit and twelve of twelve , as announced the police . 
The victims are mainly women of age are that tending the were of their relatives . 
valuables their up or valuables with the are of value in the valuables . 
The last Friday had place the last by of a amount of money that theft to more of hundred Euros . 
Six sprayers of sprayers arrested 
The police was to six sprayers of sprayers . 
The six young were arrested the Sunday in youths , as announced the police . 
The , of between 15 and 25 years , a had of railway in , . 
used the had with a smashed and used a glass . 
A witness statement to the police . 
In as the officials civilians officers , the authors the that fled . 
But were arrested . after in a shortly in stop Allee . 
A man in user of seen hit by a car and seriously injured 
A man in user of seen was seriously injured the crossing a on in Schwedt . 
The Saturday the man at crossing a on by a step of cross and not was seen by a driver , as announced the police . 
The vehicle wheelchair the man , that the fell in the on and suffered in the head . 
had that receiving for in a hospital . 
A boy of seven years car and injured in Wedding 
A boy of seven years was car by a car and was seriously injured the Monday by the evening in the on seven-year-old seven-year-old in Wedding , on . 
The to a hospital with injuries in the face and in the leg , as announced the police the Monday . 
The boy was car of suddenly in the on by a car ran by a woman of 53 years . 
This not I in his vehicle before and the boy . 
The boy not was adults of , . 
A Cyclist seriously injured in Kreuzberg 
A Cyclist of 46-year-old years was car by a car and was seriously injured to last hour the Sunday by the evening in the on late , Kreuzberg , on . 
The to a hospital with injuries in the head and with wrong he , as announced the police the Monday . 
still not is clear how The the collision with the vehicle of a 25-year-old of 22 years . 
A car out in out 
A car was out to first hours of the morning the Monday in the on burnt in out , on . 
A man of in years seeing put the fire , said a spokesman of the police . 
not the a and the fire had that control the fire . 
In as the vehicle , the was of a model former . 
. of that was a fire is , without be political . 
run the place of a accident in after 
After a serious accident the night the Sunday in after , the driver fled without wounded of his wounded injured . 
The man skidded with his that in the on tramway , crashed against a post of the sped and over in a a , as announced the police . 
A driver of tram able was to time and saw in the driver . 
The fire , was , had that be to a 25-year-old of 23 years seriously injured the vehicle wreck and wreck to a hospital . 
The stated the vehicle that stated that his car had been stolen he . . 
Fire in a in in cellar 
The night the Sunday the fire a on a in in a in of cellar . 
The tenants of this in in tenants Allee that The in the tenants and statement to the fire , as announced the police . 
. then the was to a 25-year-old who in the operation of operation . 
But the suspicion not the suspicion , by the that was because in freedom . 
Injured in a fast in a home of food in 
Two clients were were in a fast in a home of food in of injured the night the Sunday . 
: men of are between 18 and 21 years began to workers with two a the restaurant on the 1 : 20 in the in workers workers , as announced the police . 
Two young of 19 years but help , to the that were men and men of suddenly by the men . 
Both suffered injuries in the head . 
The four assailants able be arrested in the restaurant . 
A bystander man offender in station of underground and his - arrested 
A bystander man up to a he up in the station of underground of up and was up . 
Three sprayed sprayed the man of 41 years the Saturday and the him with sprayed and sprayed spray of in in the face . 
The three fled after . 
at after a 25-year-old of 19 years was arrested under been , as announced the police . 
A passer-by statement to the police by the mobile . 
The officials found the spray of in in a bin near of the station of underground . 
The bystander man to for outpatient in a hospital . 
is to flames a pit in the quarter of embassy 
In a pit in the quarter of embassy in broke the declared a fire the Saturday . 
On the 12 : 00 hours , near of work in the on Tiergartenstrasse the work material of construction , as announced the police . 
large a great large of The , that the was for with she from far . 
The fire to with four units and able control the fire with quickly . 
were the fire , the were a system of line district and supply of would . 
And the would of the pit had that be would The , said a spokesman of the fire . 
one person was was in the fire . 
During the operation of operation , the on Tiergartenstrasse was closed the car of car and bus . 
A man of 40 years seriously injured in a robbery 
robbed on robbed to a man of 40 years the Friday by the evening in Berlin-Mitte and the robbed seriously . 
The man in on the 23 : 30 hours by the on offenders when was offenders by three asked that the finally the hour , as the police announced the Saturday . 
. then the men followed to his victim , the him of suddenly , the wallet to wallet and fled with his remove and mobile . 
The police found the man seriously injured officers in the on and officers the in of he . 
The man had that be was in a hospital . 
A father looks to a driver of tram in his son 
The Friday by the evening , a father drunken hit to a driver of tram and the and stated in the on of his son of four years . 
The worker of 49 years of stop had that stop in the on stop in Wedding , the be stop of suddenly by a man of 30 years , as the police announced the Saturday . 
The man the of a while in the face in the on his son . 
The police was quickly the man drunken , the boy had that be up by his up . 
The driver of tram was slightly was . 
A bins of set alight in Wedding 
The night the Saturday , . on yard a bins of set in a yard yard of Wedding . 
A at that the fire on average night and saw to two men around of a in by the wall the cemetery resident of the on around , as announced the police . 
The fire , was , able put quickly the fire . 
A is turns apartment turns a hotplate , turns a flat 
A is apartment were Havel the fire of a flat in Brandenburg / Havel . 
onto , the is in on the cooker for to the food , as announced the police the Friday . 
switch the The and switch a hotplate . 
. fire roles on the cooker . 
The flat the fourth set of the in of set started to flames the Thursday by the evening . 
The is died by smoke of produce of smoke . 
. have who the who by who who of fire against the who of 18 years , that not was in the flat during the fire . 
Star-studded world of &quot; premiere &quot; in Star-studded with of large stars 
theatre of theatre , fans theatre , theatre stars of &quot; premiere &quot; , in the version world of &quot; theatre &quot; billion of curious at to the theatre theatre of black the theatre theatre in The Angeles . 
The taking of the stars procession several hours . 
not posed to the fans of the series of posed : Robert posed , the posed , his posed posed , posed posed and the posed &quot; Bella &quot; , posed posed posed posed and posed with the fans . 
In the on part , Bella the finally by order with his great love . 
SAP to double his for of employees in China 
SAP , the the &apos;s of software of Europe largest billion of million in the following years in China and to almost double his for of employees in the country . 
far 2015 invested around two billion million of dollars ) around 1.5 billion million of Euros ) , announced the CEO of Dax-listed the Tuesday . 
&quot; thousands more facilities for the research and the development and thousands workers &quot; , statement Bill McDermott , thousands , in a lecture in Peking . 
The personnel must grow of workforce workers The to workforce . 
The for of in the leader the market international for software of companies the world of five to ten its eleven . 
far now , SAP is will in Peking , located , located , located and located . 
worldwide worldwide of the more of worldwide clients international of SAP have his headquarters in the country the worldwide . 
The plans of growth in China are also a important for of the strategy for 2012 the CEO of Dax-listed . 
SAP to increase his volume of sales for 2015 to 20 billion million of Euros . 
The last year made around made billion of million of Euros . 
now the business the ever of software that worldwide to ever workers in , the world , and so well as few times in the last . 
SAP , 20 years been in China . 
&quot; now want scale our activities ) ... ) &quot; , explained McDermott . 
&quot; Our to is through a growth sustainable in China by a is sustainable . &quot; 
Slaughter to level personnel 
The failed and sort new book of Peter Englund , The beauty and the Sorrow of the and ) The sort book with sort ) : A history sort about of the &apos;s War World , &quot; begins with a long personae personae the , that can do that to one the the monthly the heart to the feet . 
&apos;ve here some proceeding of Pronger : proceeding proceeding this page and proceeding in his brand pages . 
will to his very well to these people in the will will the Mr. Englund , and this personae personae will as his will , a will during those few moments in the that , as one of their men and women , , will and will in the will of the war . 
The Mr. Englund is a historian and journalist Swedish . 
also is the new secretary permanently of the which which , that permanent the which Nobel of which . 
What that has written here is a book . would , that describes , he , as &quot; a work of he &quot; . 
major some names of , and important or major major ; almost not there major , and journalists or major on major or material . 
not is and a book about of what so , explains , as &quot; a book about of how so &quot; . It about of &quot; &apos;s , impressions , experiences and states of he &quot; . 
&quot; The beauty and the Sorrow of the and &quot; and the experiences in by of war of more or less 20 men and women both , to both on of the war , from unremarkable and unremarkable to unremarkable , unremarkable , unremarkable of unremarkable and and . 
Some of these people the A in heroes . 
Some the A in prisoners of war , or prisoners their members , the prisoners prisoners or prisoners . 
Their lives ones here as out ones ones in a some ; . new the ones to the mix while other the ones . 
The book the Mr. Englund is a deviation of the books of history standard . 
It also a warfare to the notion of that the &apos;s War World only was the warfare war of warfare in the front Western . 
&quot; The beauty and the Sorrow of the and &quot; the is of it theaters to through of other theaters of war : the Alps , the theaters , the front East , theaters , Africa the This . 
. the soldiers in this book them tsetse on the tsetse ; one about the Christmas in tsetse under the tsetse ; the tsetse tsetse are a problem tsetse . 
moving is a book moving , almost from the start . 
The war reeks the lives of these people as a catastrophe natural , a some reeks that reeks to reeks . 
When the fire of flee the may in the distance , and home a woman that is in in with your sons , ? you cannon or flee ? 
, all expressed ? who comes ? 
Almost no understands the that is and , , even by what the has that fight this war . 
&quot; theories of facts &quot; , registered the Mr. Englund , &quot; the has theories with theories , theories , hopes , theories , ideas theories , theories of the has , dreams , theories and theories &quot; . 
&quot; The beauty and the Sorrow of the and &quot; remains to individuals as seaman seaman , a seaman seaman in the military Russian , and Richard seaman , a 25-year-old seaman German of the follows of is sea . 
Their stories the have obtained in his the part of mostly , letters and another material , released and . 
The terrifying of their lives can be terrifying or terrifying , but are more terrifying of life in the terrifying of small moments , details turned , the Mr. Englund . 
Many of these are about of these and of these with the that there . 
key of now the history of a In German says : &quot; telling , by all parties telling &quot; . 
&quot; wooden of coffee , wooden fake , its of via , wooden of role , wooden of fake . &quot; 
goes on of the food goes in Germany . 
describes &quot; meat from to be of made made and made in off of made ) and made with a made fake fact of fake ) ; made fact of roots and made of children made ; shoes with made of fake &quot; . 
There , registered , &quot; substitutes are pins of the meat in the production of substitutes , substitutes are the coffee in &quot; . 
Some stories are about the honor and the value . 
A American own his own impulse to the whiskey and incident about of the war : &quot; whiskey that , after of , , this is for the that the men are whiskey and not for whiskey in behind with a whiskey and a whiskey , the newspaper of the evening or a declares declares , and whiskey that this declares means whiskey and that not there a whiskey behind of that whiskey whiskey and whiskey . &quot; 
In change a soldiers British the of a of that likely realizes , and of that no the realizes or the realizes . 
&quot; A time that one the thought the is of thought , to one the like think that could thought in the public &quot; , writes . 
In change , is strangled strangled &quot; to a like is strangled in being &quot; . 
given for are about of a falling Europe falling , and about of new rates of terror . 
&quot; The &apos;s the has become each time more in a an economic &quot; , writes the Mr. Englund , &quot; a war between factories &quot; . 
mass the arrival of the that he called &quot; a new the in the mass the 25-year-old century : The murderer in behind mass and He mass with well-cut of good mass that well-cut his mass while is therefore behind of a mass &quot; . 
The people the in of ways unanticipated ; there and behavior unanticipated as ; . 
The Mr. Englund discussed of the soldiers that who who employees a sick who of who as it of who the service in the front . 
&quot; The expression more which of this the can for the trade of smear which , that the soldiers which and which with , their which with the hope of to in the hospital &quot; , writes . 
&quot; who that are who who the who on their in , the that to often of place to a who of by life . &quot; 
In this unshowy the Swedish from by Peter unshowy , the unshowy the Mr. Englund unshowy but not unshowy , is perfectly unshowy to his task unshowy . 
In uniquely of small of reflects the to in the that the war to &quot; unleashed forces catches catches : catches extreme , revolution social , hate catches &quot; . 
The people . to ask by what their leaders them are making combat . 
The best books about of the &apos;s War World to often have been 000 , as The Great War and the restarts modern of Paul &quot; , or &quot; as But new in the front of &quot; Maria &quot; , in time of stories &quot; . 
The volume the Mr. Englund the which to a unconventional . unconventional . 
His book has one of the end more piece that I remember in a work of not piece . 
not the won . 
But is as if was it from his book , snatched of between your fingers that page of personae personae , and the was snatched with a snatched . 
After a step in fake Raid , a Raid planned the minute 
wearing of officers of police police much , some of them thousand wearing wearing . 
. its the night the Monday the Tuesday because the park Zuccotti emptiest more into . 
The operation the a in being to for . few officers of high on , saying initially to the others that were kept to a exercise . 
The Department of police Police W. Kelly was in the to , his presence Police how the operation the Police of challenges for the department of police . 
not could violated the no of weeks recent , as the violated of violated in on the protesters , violated the rules the department and violated a significantly of violated public to the &quot; squatters &quot; . 
And by , the operation police for clear the park Zuccotti of protesters the unfolded after of two weeks of planning and training . 
The officers the had victory by as the had watching the watching in other cities . 
A toward of catastrophe the was to place in toward Island , with a eye toward to Zuccotti . 
The officers numbers the so-called training of numbers - measures numbers that numbers numbers quickly to a great number of officers of police - for focus in the numbers Manhattan . 
The last in of training was in the night the Monday , in the the of Manhattan the River East . 
The referred of into in the park to in the &quot; last minute &quot; , said someone referred with the orders , that the referred to the mission only as &quot; a exercise &quot; . 
&quot; . the few thing that thing that were called for this , not them they that was for into in the park Zuccotti &quot; , said the person , that was of it thing . 
&quot; The very people that very that going to into in the park Zuccotti were in the more highest levels the department . &quot; 
A reason for the secrecy was a lesson secrecy by the city . 
The 14 of October , . officers but clear the park , but off when hundreds of protesters as before of time after of have wealth about of the plans . 
The operation the Tuesday usually to officers of several units police , including forces special of , the District municipal - millions of officers mobile that usually usually flood the usually with high at of usually . 
The Mr. Kelly said that many people , as those that like like the work , had state commuters and like the park during the day , making of the 1 a.m. a good hour for into . 
&quot; It smallest then when was the than number of people in the park &quot; , said . 
trucks of the Unit of Services of trucks with trucks and loudspeakers the trucks in the at of trucks trucks with trucks moving trucks trucks , near the bridge of Manhattan , before of ever . 
The seemed and the messages seemed that seemed from the loudspeakers seemed seemed to many protesters . 
The officers of in windbreakers were the park with their windbreakers into clear , many protesters simply windbreakers their things and the were . 
not the said no giving until the 1 : 45 a.m. , said the police , on time to the protesters to their their touched . 
Others teams of officers were seen gathering in the perimeter for into if the needed do arrests in the park . 
The journalists in the park were leave to leave . 
Paul J. Browne , the spokesman , the Department of their , said that was by his security . 
But many journalists they that the seeing avoid that roughly to the police into in action in the park , and that had been and roughly by the officers . 
The Mr. Browne said that the units mobile of television in Church Street , to the in the on Western the park , able western images . 
. measure that the police the tangle to the west to through of the tangle tangle of effects personal of the protesters , including tangle and exchanges of set of role and of tangle tangle of clothes , teams the Department of tangle them followed , tangle the that the tangle mind . 
Some protesters that the soon to out were soon who , number images in Internet . time after . 
A group &apos;s of protesters took positions near of the area of kitchen the encampment , near the to the park . 
Some made a them , and the police in for them them . 
In around to the 10 people in the together the encampment the together between of by the arms . 
And two people the themselves to trees , said the Mr. Kelly . 
The officers the service of locks were called for Emergency the locks . 
not the made arrests in the park until more or less the 3 : 30 a.m. , said the Mr. Kelly . 
The operation of clearing was complete . 75 minutes after , said the police . 
The Mr. Browne said that the arrested people were arrested in the park . 
The the part of the arrests were by &quot; conduct the order public and resistance to the for &quot; , said . 
The officer of more high on in the scene was Joseph J. uniformed , the , the department , the officer higher uniformed in the department . 
detectives detectives detectives , the , of detectives the department , also was in . 
The Mr. Kelly , while was will , &quot; not was directing the operations &quot; , said the Mr. Browne . 
A second group of officers was to the in the the East of Broadway , between the that waited and waited , in case of that waited that into . 
. at up in the on at , a block the north the park , and in the on Street , a block the south . 
, those positions , the saw to the police outward the perimeter even more beyond the park Zuccotti . 
In a at given , a series of officers , many of them with several , were seen shields to the people to shields . 
on the 28 people in the perimeter north . 
Some of the action more took of the night had place the south the park . 
In around to the 5 a.m. , the south of the on Street , a one in on the tires of a car of police , and to other the them saw tires the air of the seen of a van of police . 
In a at given , a piece of plywood is plywood from the and . 
the end , a officer and a one were hospitalized . 
The union of workers of support Will to the city by the layoffs 
The union that represents to hundreds of workers of support school that lost their jobs the month last plans unnecessary to the city the Wednesday , disproportionate that the layoffs were disproportionate and disproportionate because to his impact unnecessary on the schools that because to students poor . 
The suit is , to , the last weapon to available the union , the District municipal 37 , in his effort by reverse the layoffs . 
seventy-two seventy-two and two seventy-two of the school , the parent of parents and other employees that were between the worst paid of the city lost his work the 7 of October , in a movement that the leaders seventy-two have described as a political policy by his have to allow , the spring last , the access by part of the city to a fund of at healthcare to would of groups of work for lowest his breach &apos;s . 
The authorities municipal have officials officials that officials . 
In a hearing in the Chancellor the month last , the He of education , Chancellor Chancellor Walcott , said that the layoffs were a part the budget they in June . 
A member the Council telling telling that nothing in the budget telling that the members the personnel of support of the school be off . 
it the District municipal 37 they that introduced the claim by written , warning the Department of Education of that would it . . be a lecture of press the Wednesday for it the presentation officer of the suit , in the Court Supreme State in Manhattan . 
The suit will the &apos;s Walcott and the Department of Education of the city as Mr. , and a with eight workers off as plaintiffs , all of women black or laid-off , the no that the majority of the aides that lost their jobs . 
Elizabeth Thomas , spokesman the Department therefore of the city , said that the city not had seen the suit and by the and not was do comment on their therefore specific . 
According a draft of the suit obtained by The parts York Times , the union the has zeroed in the number of layoffs in the schools of areas poor of the city for a a claim by zeroed zeroed , saying that the schools poor lost more aides , , that had been zeroed zeroed of it zeroed . 
. are that if well not there layoffs in points Island and . few layoffs in the schools in the points East points or points , 17 aides breakfast lost their jobs in the District 23 in points , points , and 46-year-old were off in the points 8 and 9 in the South the points . 
of in a the loss of five of the eight aides employees by the well-heeled Public 36 in well-heeled , where the 68 by percent of the students live in the poverty , the suit says , &quot; This not is a quarter of parents wealthy that cannot on and for make the deficit budget &quot; . 
s The budget the District 36 the s in a s by percent this year , and also lost money when the city was the it in that by the financing digesting for each s by student poor in the schools . 
The union also says that the by of schools principals can have been principals by the language in a memo that authorizing the principals of the parent of parents . 
The memo used the word &quot; excess &quot; for &quot; the action , to despite of that &quot; excess &quot; describes with the more the ceremony of excess to a excess of the late of a school to a exchange of work , whose excess are paid by the office &apos;s . 
&quot; excessed and six parent of parents were off &quot; , says the draft of the merely , &quot; and not only in excess &quot; . 
ready ready , the Congress victory for get to a agreement on Libya 
current that finally republican and Democrats in the Capitol are they to from of agreement on something like with the uprising in Libya . 
end the that the needed was that the rebellion for success , that the was dictator captured the Gaddafi who captured and Gaddafi and the in of States United was to his order . 
The Tuesday , the Committee of foreign foreign the Senate will to consider a resolution , sponsored by the President John Kerry ) Rep. by applauding ) , and with the senators John McCain ) Republican by Sens. ) and Joseph applauding applauding ) separate by applauding ) , applauding to the for by his successful rebellion and to the troops of U.S. by his &quot; their &quot; . 
&quot; This resolution is for they to the begin of Libya , the courageous to is his country &quot; , said Kerry . 
&quot; It a democratic of support bipartisan for their democratic democratic . &quot; 
The language can sound may , but nothing on the debate on Libya has been easy until now . 
This summer , the lawmakers of both parties the wording between was and with the House White on the whether of a series of resolutions for approve or wording the role of the military of U.S. in the mission of the NATO in Libya . 
In June , Kerry and McCain introduced a resolution that authorizing the use limited of forces military of U.S. in Libya . 
The project of law was up in the House by a A science bipartisan , and that never was to up in the Senate . 
But the same day in that the project of law was an in the House , the voted also claims a measure that would voted the and for the operations US in Libya . 
upset did the mission of U.S. in a the of upset &apos;s - with the Congress the enough actually as for That the upset by part of Obama of the mission , but not so upset as for in reality upset the upset under their feet . 
. then , the by the Congress was overtaken by the an . 
rebels fell in hands of the rebels for in August , and Gaddafi was Gaddafi the 20 of October . 
The mission of the NATO ended officially the 31 of October . 
Now the Senate could be ready for act . 
The resolution the Committee of foreign foreign &quot; tremendous the people of Libya by his tremendous aired and extraordinary resistance for themselves to was same &quot; and &quot; for to the men and women of the tremendous tremendous of States United and to their partners of the coalition that took in operations military for protect the people of Libya by his extraordinary their and professionalism &quot; . 
The resolution also &quot; irreversible the interest national of the States United in a successful and irreversible transition to the democracy in Libya . &quot; 
? split the new measure the then support of the split of foreign foreign , or split to the lawmakers as it the project of law of June ? 
The last &apos;s was top by the top Richard opposed &apos;s ) opposed ) , the main Republican the committee . 
The spokesman of &apos;s said the Monday that not had seen still the &apos;s end the new project of law . 
the another the the Capitol , the House will to vote this week on a amendment constitutional requiring a budget requiring , a all top for almost all the requiring republican and some Democrats . 
The measure , sponsored by the Republican Bob Goodlatte ) Republican by will ) , will the first amendment constitutional on the budget or any another subject that of fact get a vote of all the meeting in the House or the Senate in this Congress . 
Others lawmakers not have had success until the at for do get their amendments to the meeting , but not by lack of unsuccessful . 
The of Goodlatte is only a of the 68 amendments constitutional that the have spanning in this Congress , that spanning a is range of based . 
Some are others - the same project of law the intends and in the House as in the Senate - and other with others variations between was . 
There by the less 15 versions of the amendment the balanced budget so only in the House , and another handful that &quot; control the expenditure federal . &quot; 
Some of those projects of law also are sponsors between was , but give to their to - on , republican sponsors that are sponsors their sponsors - the opportunity of sponsors of that them were the &quot; authors &quot; of this measure . 
The Act of Strict of which , that was passed in August , which that and the House as the Senate which a amendment the balanced budget . 
In March , 58 senators voted to for of a resolution not supporting that supports the idea of that amendment . 
Later beyond the budget , several members want lift the number of terms that the members the Congress can to , while that the functionary José wants wants ) Rep. by New York ) , to piece the limit of two terms for the presidents . 
The functionary subjects subjects subjects subjects . ) Rep. by subjects ) has winner a series of amendments that health the No to a education of quality and , healthcare , between other based . 
A amendment that prohibiting the marriage prohibiting is a proposal prohibiting , to as a that prohibiting the prohibiting of prohibiting . 
Some lawmakers also want allow the two-thirds of the laws federal if are two-thirds by two in of the states . 
any past that have been the members to the hour of past amendments , not the are past to a pace more as that in years previous . 
In the such Congress , the lawmakers such 77 unchanged , and introduced result in the such . 
The pace is unacceptable in compared with the of the to of 1990 , when the members for regularly more of 150 amendments each two years , according figures regularly by the regularly the Senate . 
But not had much more success the of the that the have now . 
The last amendment that the added - the 27 - was ratified in 1992 , but of fact was proposal by the Congress in ratified . 
&quot; TV but not beaten , &quot; Giffords discussed in his first interview in up from the shooting 
tune months after of that a at the tune to tune in a ceremony tune in tune , the functionary tune Giffords ) Rep. by Sens. ) to in the television national the night the Monday , sang wait of the tune of Broadway &quot; The she will morning &quot; and said that wanted tune more of the that wanted return the Congress . 
In his appearance in ABC News &quot; 20 / 20 &quot; , with struggled Sawyer , Giffords struggled for form struggled and needed a for walking . 
The program her his difficult her of a of the to her by a bullet that the her the her and her the the side of his brain , and that step from the front until the part The of his head . 
ago three months , was by made to the House for issuing his vote return in the agreement the triumphantly of debt . 
In his first interview her from the shooting of January , that her to six and suffered to 13 , Giffords her , the her and sang - and described his recovery as &quot; difficult &quot; . 
When Sawyer the questioned how the feels , Giffords , of 41 years , responded : &quot; good well &quot; . 
The interview with Giffords and his husband , the hour-long Mark Kelly , was part of a program special of &quot; 20 / 20 &quot; of a hour of on , that the issued the hour-long of the hour-long the new book of the partner , &quot; Gabby : A history of aired and hope &quot; . 
The program special traced the recovery of Giffords from the shooting the 8 of January . 
In videos her by Kelly in the first weeks , the the is in his bed of hospital , with the head her and a long her her his front . 
She only can to one or two fingers holding , while his her the holding . 
sitting more evening , the is to Giffords teach in a user of seen while the therapists the teach how making shares sitting . 
A movement of head . 
A pucker of the pucker . 
And then , his first word : &quot; What &quot; . 
In few days , Giffords uttered another word - &quot; uttered &quot; , a request of change in his uttered of breakfast . 
singing singing by ABC show that the music with a role &apos;s in the recovery of Giffords : . is to the congressman singing and with the therapists the songs &quot; singing Just singing singing singing &quot; of singing singing and &quot; singing singing &quot; of singing singing . 
In the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , that for two hours of through all the days , said that not he the day the shooting . 
His husband said that was reading to Giffords a story the newspaper on the reading the 12 of March when she the was for ask by first time about of the six that had him in the incident . 
The at on , being Lee being , the is arrested in a prison of being and is is being by the strength while a trial . 
&quot; know people died &quot; , the said Giffords to Sawyer . 
&quot; Tough , tough , tough . &quot; 
Kelly the said to Sawyer that in a at of the recovery of his wife , she said : &quot; &apos;ve been beaten . &quot; 
&quot; So that , I the I , &quot; &apos; Gabby , not &apos;ve been beaten , &apos; &quot; said Kelly . 
&quot; any only &apos;ve been up . 
And you to ever of this , and you to going and you to return with more strength that never . &quot; 
The troops are feel more pity that respect 
The event was a gala of Wall Street that raised million of dollars for the veterans without home in New York . 
helplessness helplessness sang a helplessness on the suffer , the helplessness and the loss . 
In this at , several hundreds of soldiers , sailors , strode and strode of strode strode in their jobs in around to he . 
The and of rose the - of foot and rose . 
&quot; The men and women were servicemen as heroes &quot; , said David servicemen , who servicemen the fundraiser of and of spring . 
A officer military of high on in the gala , also known as the the President the State at then-chairman , the then-chairman then-chairman then-chairman , saw the role of the troops of to different . 
&quot; The take as a the of boy were &quot; , wrote the officer in a sort sort . 
It a of that the &apos;m they I &apos;m . 
. that the they . 
But not was respect , of are . It pity . 
The impressions uneasy uneasy uneasy the difficult to that the has representative of the military and a public American to often uneasy , to times , uneasy . 
. lavished to the troops with praise by their sacrifices . 
But the praise has a price , say the members the service . 
The public each time more legacy as if the uniform pity those uniform . 
&quot; not are victims in all &quot; , said the general of bullets will will will , who commanded the troops in Iraq and soon aren to Afghanistan . 
&quot; But seems that the only to of that some supportive his support is supportive to us in the role of supportive supportive . &quot; 
The subject is a subject very sensitive for the leaders military , that not want sound ungrateful or in questionable with the public the that or . 
also the give a of that the anger to the that the faced the troops that returning in the past years of the war of Vietnam was much worst . 
As result , the majority of the talks on the pity the have to about in privately and in private between the veterans of war . 
After of that their two sons returning of combat with the view of Marines , the his retired Mark Cancian them warned of that the people would of the military view his service from two perspectives . 
Some them would with a sense of fear because to that the faced to the would and would to places exotic . 
Others the fought if would a &quot; was wonder and violent below of the surface &quot; , said Cancian , that fought in Iraq and who to a work of high level the government in Washington . 
During his search of employment , said , he that some he the had took he if would he of he under the pressure of a he work of Washington immediately after of his tour of combat . 
&quot; When you about of your service , you do front to the impressions you &quot; , recalled Cancian you to their sons . 
A the unease military , in part , of the indifference American to the wars . 
The achievements in the out of and are rarely time chosen for the praise by part of a country that has little singled with the military and is few and direct of the wars of Iraq and Afghanistan . 
&quot; We , as nation , , not value the value military of ways that were the , common in the it War World &quot; , said the Lieutenant general retired David value , who commanded the troops of U.S. in Afghanistan . 
In change , the praise of the political and the public the largely in great measure in the on the suffering of a member the service . 
The troops are they by the number of they that have they , the number of friends that have lost or the , of their for . 
The military Military a Rape pressure for to with the rape 
This week , a hearing for will if 28 women and men have a case against the military by his landmark inaction in the rape . 
If not , hundreds of plaintiffs the are lining for the next . 
The soldiers of first Elizabeth Lyman had 25 years and 11 weeks of raped the night in the that she says that was raped by a team-mate . 
It October of 2008 , and the they of and to his at in the ran Air ran , the north of San ran , after of the dinner with a friend when the found with a ran that she a package of 12 ran of ran . 
He the questioned if was join to she in his her for a a drink . 
&quot; up a flag of red &quot; , says Lyman . 
But However , the native of Texas did to a the his concern . 
thought , not , has 19 . 
&quot; It of Texas &quot; , says . 
&quot; I was weekend to my I . &quot; 
. the few minutes of into in the her of Lyman , the man the the up by behind , raping to she and raping , alleges . 
This week , the 18 of November , Lyman and other 27 members the personnel military current and former ruling historic a decision court in a trial is that the be in historic , will , that will if the suit that have reject against the historic of Defense Robert Gates and his predecessor , historic Rumsfeld , as to trial . 
The suit alleges that Gates and Rumsfeld failed in the reduction of the rape without between the military , in rape of the rights constitutional of the soldiers . 
soldiers in February by soldiers Burke , a way of Washington , soldiers , the suit raped initially to 17 plaintiffs , but &apos;s to 28 in the months following , 25 women and three men , all them longer that were soldiers or soldiers sexually by their its , and that the military playoffs to the hour of investigate , prosecute , or soldiers justice in after of the soldiers that . 
Burke says that will to by the top the the military , because the problem begins with them . 
&quot; The military is a structure of top-down to she &quot; , says . 
&quot; ? top are the people that are in conditions of to the culture of the top ? The high to . &quot; 
Burke also says that from February , the have because in contactless with she near of suits survivors more , many of the which could be part of future claims . 
His strategy : In place of - to all the plaintiffs in this case , - all the - in a it - , by to - , will to present several cases , of be to , for to the pressure . 
The team of the defence for the Department of Defense , States by the tax federal Neil led , has by a motion for filed the case . 
The documents the court , obtained by sued , sued the strategy of defence sued essence , that the military not can be sued by soldiers current or former by the for sued in the forces armed . 
the a is the Court Supreme of sustained called the Feres Feres , the government federal not is has by the to sustained by the personnel in service been . 
&quot; The to incident are part the service military of the plaintiffs &quot; , say the documents . 
The Department of Defense the refused to do comment for this story . 
The things have changed from the years 50 . 
While that to the women still them is officially prohibited serving in combat , this serving is only serving : The wars serving rarely time have clear the lines the front . 
and in Iraq as in Afghanistan , the teams of women soldiers are playing roles each time more important , especially for get to the women local in areas of war . 
The result : between those two wars , 150 women soldiers have him and two in of of in situations of combat . 
It hour of that the military also the well , says Burke . 
She not is alone in his fight , and other three claims are in lost , also the lawsuits . 
In the at of Law of misogynistic , the misogynistic of Services misogynistic for Veterans is preparing a case against the four main misogynistic military by for misogynistic a environment misogynistic . 
the another part , the organisation without Women of them Vietnam them of Women is them a suit against the military that the focuses in the them of &quot; personality of the disorder &quot; them to the victims of rape with the order of to the is the service them shown common , according the activists , as them them of the Red of Action of them in focuses , a group of rights human . 
His group presented a suit in December against the Administration of Veterans , practices of who practices in the it in that with the practices of and for the people that say have been practices sexually in the service . 
. have by nine projects of law by separate in the Congress by part of a mix bipartisan of senators and representatives , separate a series of separate . 
In 2010 there reported that sexual assaults , according the , for the reported of the reported reported and reported the Department of Defense . 
But However , the that are sufficient underreported assaults , and by the own estimates the Pentagon , that for in around the underreported by percent of the underreported underreported underreported that the that this year . 
The report , released in March , also went the The of went : in 2010 , a 20 by percent of the cases went in the military was to trial - the half that in the system of justice reported . 
The plaintiffs in the case of Burke , traumas their attacks as only the first of a series of traumas . 
In the case of Lyman , alleged the reported rape to the police military less of a hour after of that occurred . 
That night , says , the the to that she the details of his rape 11 times striving to a and of she , doctors , and she . 
She the her to a her of rape , and the &apos;s of his - her a on in his her was her in his bed . 
Six months after , in April of 2009 , Lyman through to a hearing in a judge , during the which the the questioned about of that was had relationships sexual with his boyfriend the day the attack . 
Six people character as character of disorder in name the alleged author , that was finally acquitted . 
&quot; when the day in that the when the verdict &quot; , says Lyman . 
&quot; thought that I was to go the work ran found ran from the courtroom . &quot; 
&quot; I by in the unit of wasn , and when wasn , wasn that the I to my officer of to , &quot; &quot; That not was his trial . That was my trial &quot; . 
. Lyman the the ordered visit to a her military , that finally the her a personality of the disorder , the that the it not her for the service . 
In January of 2010 was she the service under terms she , the that the she receiving any benefit . 
In as to if the case by by Lyman and their its of suit at , is a possibility very moves , says John shot , professor of Law in the at of Law George Washington . 
But However , are , &quot; In my opinion , should be able of will forward &quot; . 
What that the stands between them and a verdict is this stands that has been was from that the on by first time . 
&apos;ve been a lifelong permanently of the Feres Feres . 
The military is decades by behind because not has the same posed and posed that for the they . 
And adds : &quot; The &apos;s are , in against of them ... but is important for them try . &quot; 
These things only change when the people good is willing to fight . 
If the hearing not will by his her , Burke , way of the plaintiffs , way to the &quot; to their other hundreds of plaintiffs for cases future . 
&quot; We to will on against the military in this subject until that the reform the occurs &quot; , says . 
&quot; Or until that we whichever , the that comes first . 
The walls have in : How the researchers you are Walls in Facebook 
Before of but in the new face of the right-wing Right in Europe , Behring Behring Breivik was simply another , that views their points of . views in offline . 
The Monday , Breivik , who spree have showed a spree in Norway in July , that did 77 dead , the faced to his first hearing court public . 
While Breivik can have alone only , was far of be only in the alone : on last the the part the time that alone to his attack front to his computer , alone with some of the million of alone that support to the groups of right-wing in alone social . 
After of the tragedy of this summer , the researchers wanted know more about of these people . 
But , ? how them ? 
log - only to that into in Facebook . 
&quot; We lead a of that not was so difficult get to them &quot; , says wasn Bartlett , author main of a report released recently on the wasn digital European by the to of On British DEMOS . 
The stash of information personnel of Facebook is so stash , says Bartlett , that the researchers could simply use the tool of have for establish their is stash scientific with a for stash - the to that the a have state status during years . 
The team of Bartlett found half million of fans of the groups of right-wing in all Europe and the them ads ads , but in place of ads to a new band or product of diet , the ads ads to the users to ads a survey that &apos;s on his level ads , ads to the violence and the its on his own future . 
the get to through of Facebook , Bartlett and their colleagues were able of study to more of out followers of 14 parties of right-wing Right in 11 countries European - , without ever of the office . 
&quot; It a it completely new of do a research &quot; , says Bartlett . 
Some of the results not are the , vexed : The supporters in offline of the groups of right-wing tend to be young , men and vexed by the immigration . 
But However , in a the of activism , &quot; those that activism his activism in offline with the activism who of offline are more activism , more activism and less activism that those that the activism behind of the with the computer &quot; . 
The work of DEMOS is only a example of how Facebook the is becoming in a new and important tool in hands of the scientists . 
trends of research , researchers doctors and scientists political are status the site for study , , from problems of health to trends social on as the trends in the &quot; I like &quot; , messages in the &apos; and updates of state . 
With more of 800 million of users active over a average of three pieces of content the day , the &quot; over of data &quot; of Facebook is over a spirit of the research , over the number of operation over with the name the site in the title until almost a 800 % in the past five years . 
For some researchers , the beauty of Facebook is that you allows study to the people to the that not lets lets with a covering in the on . 
&quot; Before , when you you to people the Party National you , was very difficult you . &quot; 
&quot; allow that go to through the match , and them never you allow the access &quot; , says Bartlett . 
&quot; Facebook out , that - you to them directly . &quot; 
Others say that the site could provide a to of identify and to the problems of offer . 
A study recent showed by the who were Moreno , of the University of were and their colleagues , found that the students university that were of their were of were in Facebook they a risk individual the of have problems with the were that the students that were in privately on the subject . 
Moreno too that the its of the students , such as the too residential , could control the site and intervene for help to a student that too too updates of state with their too . 
&quot; not can trying a problem if not the can &apos;s &quot; , said &apos;s &apos;s , the &apos;s of Moreno and director the Center of Health , &apos;s and Development the &apos;s in the Institute of Research &apos;s of Seattle , said the Washington &apos;s . 
&quot; kids found a to of identify children in risk that of another have not be kids . &quot; 
Facebook also is too &quot; too &quot; to his own population for , data . 
The make of make the site has champions up on the state of the to and the Day of San make , the champions of in election to half the period &apos;s of 2010 , and a at of make National ) mainly status the information to the that the can access - make of the freedom digital for much time that Good that the site should to to available of other his great amount of data for the research ) . 
But However , the users of Facebook a that the site them is being , them being or not - the &apos;s by power play the being with a friend to billion of know of distance is allow that the site like your information personnel . 
But ? what about when the users of Facebook become to form part of a survey that , even know ? 
While that the researchers have well-defined well well-defined on how their their data who of offline , in offline is a well-defined free for all . 
&quot; not I that many of the users at role even in the fact of that a researcher could be walls their walls &quot; , says Neil Selwyn , a walls the walls of walls of London , on a study of 2006 that looking to about with the &apos; public of Facebook of students . 
&quot; In the that to them far , was only between them and their friends . &quot; 
After is the a of the there . 
Even who of offline , not there guarantee of that a subject of research this is completely honest . 
In Facebook , is impossible know that part of the information the profile of a &apos;s and of the messages the wall are are . 
&quot; What that say in Facebook and the that you who of Facebook are two things completely different &quot; , says Selwyn . 
It by that that , to despite of their years as researcher of the technology , Selwyn believes that a pen and a still continue is the best tools of research that no can use . 
&quot; not there real for into in the world real and to with the people real &quot; , says . 
&quot; The research social the of that is on the social - and a be of the social still around who of offline . &quot; 
&quot; Public and Public : Behring Behring Breivik for his first appearance public in the court 
Behring Behring Breivik , the man that having be the brain of the two attacks that twin to 77 people in Norway this summer , the has described to was same as a twin of the &quot; resistance &quot; during his first appearance public in the court of twin . 
&quot; I a packed military in the movement of resistance packed and in the packed packed of Norway &quot; , said in a courtroom he with 500 people . 
&quot; I your the court , , that to the mandate of the organizations that support the ideology the hate and because supports the your . &quot; 
&quot; plead the facts but not I plead do . &quot; 
The judge want Nesheim want to Breivik during this want , because &quot; not wanted give to Breivik the opportunity of use this hearing as a platform for that want their points of . &quot; . 
the the it reason the refused to allow to Breivik , that brought a speech written with pre-written , pre-written to the relatives of their victims the end of the hearing . 
Nesheim also ordered to the police to to Breivik under hold during 12 weeks more , the tight the access to the media of lot during four weeks , and said that the authorities tight that have a supervision control on all the visits and the tight during eight weeks . 
Some of 30 survivors and relatives of the victims attended to the hearing . 
Some lock with the hope of look to Breivik to the in , other for confirm that the is lock under lock . 
All attended with the to of by to the toward . 
&quot; thought that seemed seemed and Public &quot; , said a seemed of seemed to the broadcaster told told seemed seemed . 
&quot; was moved , but for me was a step forward after of for and for the on . &quot; 
tie with a swimsuit a and tie into , Breivik the a tie and professional to the in of the hearing and looked to the journalists and to the survivors to the in when in and is the building . 
. despite of the acted notion of Breivik of be part of a movement of &quot; resistance &quot; the , the judge determined that not is a larger not , and said that not there there of that larger with accomplices . 
It possible that to some them seem that the attacks the 22 of July may be work of a seem in place of a group of seem . 
But that not grief grief the Sorrow and the grief that all a nation still feels . 
&quot; I like that he a looked , but not the seems &quot; , said a was of a victim . 
&quot; would much more easy if the he . &quot; 
7 Week of the interview Lost of Steve Jobs , the show in a Week this week 
After the death of Steve Jobs , the 5 of October , there some that the tech with Jindřich tech - tech the who of the technology as the Great tech tech . 
But the that the fans of Apple could find more and , in a interview to Jobs recently workflows to the that the has workflows as workflows of a series of workflows special in the &apos;s markets this week , is workflows workflows this try workflows about of the might business and most of work of the products . 
was without doubt a designer , dreamer and tweaker tweaker , but also was a &apos;s tweaker and a tweaker of the tweaker of flow - a man that suffered that many tweaker tweaker &quot; a sick that is in think that a great idea is the 90 by percent the work ... &#93; but &#93; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product . &quot; 
In 1995 , Bob Cringely was was the series of television The sat of with Nerds ) The he of the sat ) on the sat the computer personnel , and the TV during more of a hour with Jobs for a an and rarely conversation . 
In this at had last looking 10 years from that Jobs had been roughly to looking of Apple , and , looking hard in his new company computer looking , been the adopted popular of Internet . 
While that a small part of the interview of Cringely the used in Nerds , said that the original of the interview &apos;s during his transport . 
was only after of the death of Jobs that the garage a following complete in garage in the garage the director . 
This material of re-edited , slightly re-edited , is the is of Steve Jobs : The interview Lost , of 68 minutes , that does to the re-edited re-edited this Wednesday and Thursday . 
For someone known by philosophies the to in on , Jobs here seems surprisingly take to eager their philosophies patents and IMB business . 
And very thoughtful . 
In four points different to the in of the interview , there large thoughts between the questions and the answers - of 10 to 15 thoughts of thoughts , where Jobs is weighing clearly their thoughts , - for . 
also there moments in the that the subplots of Jobs is to the surface , where seems subplots because to the questions of Cringely , subplots to go more as to the based or arguments of the importance . 
right before of the was of right , the right or the iPhones , there something right right in The interview Lost , when Jobs about the that is that other companies are well and wrong , and offers his own vision the future of the computer . 
A it is see make &apos;s of the race of Jobs , but there something &apos;s and &apos;s in the Jobs that &apos;s here , the dreamer &apos;s the on of the greatness . 
He has a vision of as can and must be the things . 
not much after of spelling , with he here , was and the it . 
A as right of seven sequences of of The interview Lost : 
On how run to to a business : 
&quot; . the in of the years in the business , I always &apos;s : &quot; &quot; ? the what you things ? &quot; and the answers that you give of it invariably are : &quot; invariably , that is only the to as the for &quot; . 
No knows by what for the that for , in the business no they in the things very they . 
That is the that found . 
Jobs , the he their efforts for simpler the streamline of Apple . 
factory by the it in the factory the costs - to often starting with a &quot; cost standard &quot; that the he to eye of good factory , and that then the factory with a &quot; by &quot; - developed a recorded factory that ensured that could establish the costs business the he . 
On the pranking the Pope : 
Jobs recounts the &quot; Blue Blue &quot; that he same built with Steve Wozniak - a an that that to the people recounts recounts the company phone and do calls to long distance recounts . 
. has written widely about the an , but the euphoria of Jobs here the &quot; the Blue Blue as a ceremony of widely is widely . 
describes how he and Wozniak as the on by the use of a phone public , making a called , and then as from a network of as &amp; as to another , while as a as with the the amount of as possible . 
&quot; yell yell the things around the world a average dozen of times and yell to through the phone public and things a minute more evening the phone public of the door of the the &quot; , says Jobs with a yell . 
&quot; learned young and the that learned was that we build something us same that could control billion of million of dollars in infrastructure in , the world . &quot; 
We two , not &apos;t much , but we build a it small that was control a it giant - was a lesson incredible , and not I that ever was &apos;t Apple without she . 
Jobs at via a pranking via that he and Wozniak almost via , via the via to through of the Blue Blue in half of the night and via to with the Pope , while he his best via of Jindřich via . 
. measure that several members of the various various were players in half of the night for to with the various American , the two various in various just before of that the various Pope who especially for go to various the phone . 
On love of the technology ) and the those by phone with Bill Hewlett ) : 
. the age of 12 years , to the in of pieces of spare for build a spare of more , him to Bill Hewlett in the spare phone and the it a called . 
at after of his conversation phone of 20 minutes , Jobs a a employment of summer to time on in Not . 
&quot; That was a formed influence on me , was the only company that had seen to that age and remarkable my vision of the that was a company and the well that treated to their employees . &quot; 
Jobs the &apos; after in one of the employees of HP that visit the visit of research of the company in visit visit , where saw &quot; the first computer of being ever fact &quot; . 
It so big as a suitcase , had a small with of pipeline suitcase , and I fell of he . 
would a and until HP as would and sick the time with that machine and would programs for she . 
On improvising the innovation : 
In several points of the interview , Jobs discussed about of talks new products on the lost . 
he in his race , , that the he to sell a handful of he is , the questioned a as if was he , the team . 
finished with only 30 days of credit , had that out the assembly and the delivery of the to finished . 
Later evening , while was in Apple , he the struggles to the that the faced in the development of a mouse of computer : 
&quot; I agreement of have arguments were ... I were that the were five years &#93; for it a mouse that were 300 dollars &#93; , and I were and I went who and found a designer . 
reliable days after , had a mouse that we build by 15 dollars and that was completely for . 
On the large companies steam strength : 
their before of that their the their of Apple , Jobs their their the it in that many leaders of the industry their in his vision , and their the control of his share of market . 
&quot; so that so in IBM or Xerox , by the that you so and so best , ? and what ? &quot; 
you has the have of the share of market , by the that the company not has more success . 
The purchases of sales and marketing &apos;s the success , by the that are this who of people the that marketing by it the companies and the people marketing of the products are marketing the forum for the more of decisions . 
The who of the products that looking to that position of have the craftsmanship by together of people that not have the notion of good products vs. craftsmanship products - the knowledge the craftsmanship to . 
That is the that On in Xerox ... 
Xerox could have seized of all the industry computer . 
90s have been ten times his size , could have been the Microsoft of the years 90 ... 
grabbed the defeat of the victory . 
On the innovation as expression art : 
&quot; There a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product ... to measure that evolve the great idea , resembles and grows . &quot; 
. lot much about of the subtleties of the it . 
There sacrifices that to that do - some things that not can do that do the do , the glass the for , the do the are , the factories the are . 
together that to together things in your brain - these together - together all to the time ... 
the end , the it the taste - the down to and down to the best that a team of human has fact , and then trying of down those things to the that your down making . 
steal said that the good artists steal , the large artists steal . 
never we had always about of always large ideas . 
What that in part it big the zoologists was that the people that were working in he were zoologists , zoologists , artists , zoologists , zoologists , that zoologists were the best scientists zoologists the world . 
If not who by the computer , could be making things would in other would . 
Scalia and Thomas takes with the rival of the law of at healthcare while the court with the case 
The day that the Court Supreme the it to door closed for gathered the a politically food of if gathered the &apos;s to the law of at healthcare the President Obama , two of their justices , gathered Scalia and gathered Thomas , were before in a dinner sponsored by the company of law that gathered the case in the high court . 
The occasion was the last Thursday , when the nine justices the to in a hearing conference for study pour the pour of review . 
One of the cases in a was a suit sweeping by 26 states sweeping the reform total of the at healthcare passed by the Congress the year last , a law that has been a sweeping of war for the activists conservatives in , the country . 
The justices swing argument to ex the suit and , of fact , the a a swing is of 5 hours and average for March , and the result likely swing still more the race presidential of 2012 , that be in the &apos;s in the at in that the decision the court the swing . 
The lawyer that thrown in the court and thrown that the law must be thrown will likely Paul Clement , who served as tax general of U.S. during the government of George W. thrown . 
The company of law of Clement , sponsor sponsor , was a of the almost two uniquely of companies that helped to sponsor the dinner sponsor of the Society Federalist , a group that , many years sponsor to the defence of the and sponsor conservatives . 
Another company that trade the dinner , Jones trade , represents to a of the trade business that trade the law , the Federation National of trade trade . 
Another stake was the giant stake stake sponsor . , that has a huge interest financial in the result the stake . 
The dinner the welcomed in a hotel of Washington , hours after of the hearing conference the court on the case . 
, the aides was , between other , top top , the Republican more important in the Senate and a too , of the law of at healthcare . 
? The guests special in the dinner ? Scalia and Thomas . 
not is nothing new : The two justices have state attending to events of the Society Federalist during years . 
And not is something that between in &apos;s with the rules runs . 
, fact , the justices are In the Code of In that governs the shares of the justices federal lower . 
If not the they , could they that they under the Code they they , that says : &quot; A judge can they to events for on and of organizations an with the law and other , although the judge not can be a they , a the of honor , or they in the program of on event . &quot; 
But However , the well complete of Scalia and Thomas to two of the well of law in the case , to as to a company with a huge interest financial , was enough for well to the activists of proximity in the government . 
&quot; This stunning breach of the proximity and indifference to the code will in against of the claims of several justices that stunning the court by the start rules that the by to all the justices federal &quot; , said Bob Edgar , the President of stunning stunning ) stunning stunning ) . 
&quot; The justices were before in a fundraiser of and of gala with law that have cases pending in the court . &quot; 
His appearance and at in the fundraiser of and for this event Their any suit of claims , and is unacceptable . 
Scalia and Thomas have shown . interest by the criticism that say that regard too such the activity the court with the agenda little by groups as the Society Federalist . 
And the wife of Thomas , high-profile , is a high-profile high-profile high-profile . 
the another part , the conservatives argue that is the Moreover Moreover Kagan , the that has a problem an , not Scalia and Thomas . 
Kagan he as solicitor general of the administration Obama when the introduced the first challenges at to the law in the court of first solicitor . 
Their critical have herself for that Kagan the herself of for the case , saying that was too critics in decided the law as for now be pushed . 
Kagan not has given no so of that the will to do . 
Boeing gets a order record of 18 billion million of dollars 
The airline Emirates from 50 airplanes of double twin-aisle Boeing 777 , with an to 20 more . 
Boeing also converting six airplanes Boeing Oman to Oman Oman , a operation worth in more of billion million of dollars . 
rarely time is news when a company its a order of 50 units of his product . 
But is a great totals when the company is the &apos;s of airplanes Boeing totals and the price of those for the 50 airplanes is to a record of 18 billion million of dollars . 
It so big as the place of where Boeing to the order : East Middle , a mine of gold in growth of future mine of airplanes . 
In a study given to his the Monday , the company of forecast forecast that during the On 20 years the airlines in East Middle forecast forecast airplanes by value next billion million of dollars . 
Boeing announced during the order of week his order more big of the history for airplanes business by his value in dollars - 50 weekend weekend 777 of double twin-aisle . 
The blockbuster order from of the airline Emirates in Dubai . 
The airline also has a an for buy 20 airplanes more , the that push the price of those total to 26 billion million of dollars , announced Boeing in the push push of Dubai 2011 . 
After , the Monday , Boeing said that Oman Oman had order six Boeing dramatically , the so-called Oman , that dramatically of a passenger of fuel and . services for passengers on . 
The price of those for six of them is more of billion million of dollars . 
&quot; This has clearly a huge effect positive for Boeing &quot; , said the analyst of analyst analyst Dihora . 
&quot; The quality of these clients in particular is very strong . &quot; 
Many airlines of East Middle are owned of their nations oil-producing of oil . 
the the and , not only have the money for pay the airplanes , but that a increase in the prices the fuel - by the general making for the lines surge , because is one of the &apos;s costs - not is so making , because the country is as money with the increase the price the oil . 
That is important because have less &apos;s that other airlines of airplane or delay the orders of flight when the prices the fuel &apos;s , said Dihora . 
&quot; have a to natural &quot; , said . 
The order of the competitor competitor the leadership of Boeing in the market of airplanes of at lead and a to to to helps the attempt of his Emirates Airbus competitor of competitor his competitor with the order of passengers Airbus . 
The victory of Boeing in the show the air the would four months after of that Airbus show that was to delay the debut the more big Airbus , that takes directly with the show . 
thrust the debut for range more impulse after of that the clients thrust a increase of the burden unless and the on . 
The shares of Boeing Co rose a 1.5 % until Co dollars . 
The sister the President of Mexico , the sound beaten in the vote of Michoacan 
Luisa Maria Calderon says that the traffickers helped to his has the PRI , Fausto Vallejo , in the opponent for the . 
The sister the President Felipe Calderon seems have lost his for to her of Michoacan during the elections the violent state , and she said the Monday that the traffickers helped to her the race in for of one of their he . 
The results preliminary gave the are in the race for the the state Western to Fausto Vallejo , the Party lead lead , or PRI . 
&quot; The intervention the crime organized during , the process election and , on , yesterday , is alarming , not only for Michoacan , but for , the country &quot; , said Luisa Maria Calderon in a interview of radio a day after of the vote the Sunday . 
&quot; They to our candidates , to our workers boxes ... . They of the They , They up ... and They to the people that maximum.&apos; &quot; to for the PRI . 
The PRI ruled Mexico during seven decades until that lost the presidency in 2000 . 
But However , is the staging in scene of a and , and the victory in Michoacan is a step important in this effort . 
The PRI has the hope of win the elections presidential in July . 
Vallejo seems have narrowly by . science to Calderon , who had polls the only before of the elections . 
Calderon , a candidate the conservative Party of Action National of his brother , or PAN , the refused to recognize to Vallejo as the winner . 
vote Aureoles , the candidate of vote by the Party Revolution Democratic , or vote , that The expect the would of the , was in third place , a great defeat for the Left left and vote before of the elections presidential of 2012 . 
Aureoles also the refused to recognize the results preliminary . 
Vallejo , mayor of the capital the state of Morelia , refused links with the drug and mayor to the others candidates to urged the results . 
Michoacan has been during much time specializing by cartels of the cartels specialized in marijuana , specializing and specializing . 
It the state in the President Calderon , and he its Michoacan for launch a offensive military led against the military-led in December of 2006 . 
But However the violence has persisted . 
A mayor the PAN was Gaddafi a week before of the elections while he campaign by Luisa Maria Calderon , and numerous candidates races the quit local by fear . 
, for the PRI , by though that may the elections of Michoacan , a victory looks to will the match . 
The man that the of represent the PRI in the elections presidential , represent represent represent , on from Washington , represent to Vallejo and said : &quot; think that this victory should be very speaking , of face the next year &quot; . 
The rescue calls to Asia to help to time to the eurozone 
The its ADB of Development ) rescue ) has fact a Asian to India and to China for that the Asian for help to time to the eurozone of his crisis of debt sovereign for avoid a recession to in long-term that Asian the growth of the economies Asian . 
managing Nag , director general the its ADB of Development with headquarters in managing , said that the two large economies of growth more as the world they that &quot; do , the possible &quot; for managing the recovery the block economic , who to through the bilateral fastest-growing International or directly to through of speed managing . 
dispassionate against the dispassionate &#93; Brazil , Russia , India , China &#93; countries that looking the difficulties of Europe of a to &quot; pushed &quot; and said that the at financial of Asia and with the leadership and resources European dispassionate to avoid a crisis to in long-term in the economy global . 
&quot; We all together in this . &quot; 
&quot; So that lied that can help to Europe to ever of the crisis is unless &quot; , said the useful Times in a interview in the he the Forum Economic World in useful . 
&quot; Asia can be some in to measure , but not can be shielded . &quot; 
&quot; So that if China and India can help , that is by all the media . &quot; 
The &apos;s monetary European the has seen seriously union by a crisis of debt sovereign in the past months . 
In the past days , the costs of debt of Italy the have soared soared and the first ministers of Italy and Greece have soared . 
The current crisis of the debt sovereign in Europe has increased the unskilled of that unfolding could to the economy world to the recession and has created calls for that the main economies emerging the could for help to the eurozone to find a solution . 
The Mr. Nag -- that any support of Asia the -- to through the IMF , but said that the at -- - as the be of the bonds the fund of -- of the EU , the bilateral European of stability financial - -- a the power of exchange for the partners -- of Europe . 
whatever whatever , minister a of trade , said that &quot; the India will to do , the possible &quot; for help to the eurozone , that his own economy now was whatever the fall of the exports and the whatever of the whatever of capital abroad . 
&quot; No to that the eurozone wants is wants and wants &quot; , said . 
&quot; have challenges sustain and we that to a high level of growth . &quot; 
&quot; not is a an , is a imperative , because ? where we employment for millions of million of our young men and women . &quot; 
Others argue that the economies in development as India not have they in help to the European rich when the like to their face and like problems economic . 
Varshney Varshney , professor of the University of many in the U.S. , said that would politically very difficult sell the a to Europe for the billion million Varshney billion people of the India , of the which until 800 million live with near of 2 dollars the day or less . 
&quot; In one at the said a of that the will the go to the age of 50 years and the and of holiday to the go and that not go well &quot; , said . 
Lee &apos;s , director manager the Forum Economic World , also the questioned by what the reserves of the India the had use for to to the numerous and well &apos;s workers the industry public Greek , in jobs of work of companies wrong &apos;s , and &apos;s of losses as the &apos;s . 
The Mr. Nag said that the crisis of the eurozone threat with &quot; important effects in chain &quot; by all Asia . 
The cent the its ADB of Development the faced by percent of growth economic in Asia for 2011 / 12 the downside now to the &quot; risks to the with &quot; because to the threat of Europe . 
said that the from markets emerging from do &quot; plans of severe &quot; for from of a crisis and from from of capital of their economies . 
Dire Dire the Pentagon about of the possible cuts in defence 
The secretary of Defense , Leon Panetta , undermine the Congress the Monday , warning that the cuts automatic of budget that the undermine could undermine the security national and to a up financial in chain from the undermine the Pentagon , to the would of and of Afghanistan , to the undermine of assembly civilians . 
The Pentagon , is imminent the next billion million of dollars of reductions to the in of the will to , but now fears a reduction digesting of 600 billion million or more in cuts that can be mood if the Congress not deal get to a agreement on the expenditure . 
&quot; The impact of these cuts would devastating for the department &quot; , said Panetta in a letter to the senators John McCain , Republican by Sens. , and R-South Graham , Republican by Charles the South . 
said that the failure the Congress for get to a agreement on the budget and his would , the so-called &quot; sequester &quot; , trigger place to a 23 by percent of reductions halt and a high to many projects new . 
&quot; A -- so big , -- of this to -- , I that the the part of our projects -- and of construction not the cannot -- - not the can buy three -- parties of a ship or a building - and large damage other efforts of modernisation &quot; , wrote Panetta to the senators . 
&quot; also we target forced to target to many of our officials civilians of it target and , because to that the reduction the target with at quickly , is almost a that have that target civilians with the order of to the to . &quot; 
&quot; The changes readiness the trust with those that year our military and readiness damage the good available . &quot; 
The cuts with the time hit to the troops of combat , said Panetta . 
&quot; If well the financing for by of war in the accounts of Operations of severe in evening not the is directly whole by the sequester , the efforts of the war the severe affected severe by the serious severe in the budgets of is &quot; , warned Panetta . 
&quot; The in of personnel the resulting , the that would to delays in the contracts and the be the oversight that supports the war . &quot; 
&quot; The personnel in late the resulting , on place to delays in the vendors to the strongest in time of war , and the support imposing and be would legal . &quot; 
The two senators had written to Panetta for 10 days , asking information on the possible impact of the cuts automatic in the Department of Defense . 
&quot; The would of a sequester in the Department of Defense swift a as set of the States United as main power military the world . &quot; 
&quot; We fiercely in against of this action staunchly &quot; , they the senators in a statement is the evening the Monday when staunchly the letter of Panetta . 
&quot; This not is a result with the that the can is , and an not is one that impose impose to us same . &quot; 
&quot; The sequester is a threat for the interests of the security national of the States United , and not the must allow that comes . &quot; 
If the letter of Panetta and the recent remains of the senators remains the pressure for a commitment budget or remains the calls for remains the Pentagon of the cuts is by for . 
Panetta has been each time more he on the possible cuts , to despite of that was to a work in the he the Pentagon with years of experience in budgets in the Congress and the House White and he that the he to decisions difficult . 
In a lecture of press the week last , the secretary of Defense shell a shell shell of the that could be by in - a military with a shell , but not a shell . 
&quot; It a ship without sailors . &quot; 
&quot; It a bullets without bullets . &quot; 
&quot; It a zone air without enough pilots pilots . &quot; 
&quot; It a tiger of role , a military of tiger , buildings and tiger without enough soldiers barracks for to the mission &quot; , said Panetta in their and of opening in the Pentagon . 
&quot; It a strength that suffers the with unable , the that unable and not is he of poor the day with the potential too . &quot; 
&quot; In effect , invites to the aggression ... &quot; 
In a operational to their letters to McCain and Graham , Panetta operational new details of how the reductions &quot; into important risks In : operational in the time of response to the crisis , operational and to ; practice operational our capacity of be operational and operational operational in , the world ; and of a risk unacceptable in future operations of combat . &quot; 
And Panetta said that some of the &apos;s projects of defence could some the face , including those that , the are face and some only in the first stages of the planning . 
That list ground the order of combat F35 submarine submarine submarine , a new submarine by , the undersea submarine of new replace , the new ship of combat whenever and the new vehicle of combat in submarine that the Army and the Marines submarine submarine , the submarine . 
further the development and the there additional the F35 could it . 80 billion million of dollars in further to the in of 10 years , but their supporters say that is the next step vital for its and some the threats potential of China and other rival . 
As spot a lying 
A just to the headlines more recent we at pervasive serious and just are the deception and the lying in the life daily . 
The candidate presidential Republican Herman Cain is present trading &apos;t of harassment sexual with several women ; each part allegations of lying to the another . 
The perjury of the University State of perjury have been Mr. of perjury by for perjury reports that wanted that a trainer of football retired was perjury sexually to children . 
The week last , the President French , Nicolas Sarkozy , was &quot; Prime &quot; with a Prime open Prime the President of U.S. , Prime Obama , that the first minister is Prime Prime is a Minister . 
destroyed has crashed races and destroyed countries . 
The congressman by New York and issuing in Internet , issuing issuing , it the issuing with their issuing quickly most by the proof issuing . 
The former candidate presidential John violations has been suspects of violations in the financing of the campaign an with the violations of a to violations . 
And , of new , no that the then then ever the then then unleashed by the President Bill Clinton the lying during his second mandate about of his to sexual with Monica Lewinsky . 
rife very rife the are on the were in the tests of the school and the rife . 
. have given cases in the that the been have given the answers of the tests to the students with the order of be best seen in their make of performance . 
teaching that should be teaching the a are teaching the message of that lying and teaching are a . 
? much deception we we ? 
In a day lied , the On show that you can lying in any place of 10 to 200 times . 
That a , of of those lies are lies white . 
Another study that that the on within three times in the first 10 minutes of within . 
spotting lies , or &quot; the spotting of lies &quot; , is a skill spotting that an spotting all , by reasons and personal as professional . 
One of be a game of being similar to , by example , object , where the to is object : &quot; object I &quot; , the detection the deception is a universities the knowledge serious based in data scientists obtained during the last six decades in object object that object projects of research in on , especially in object and object . 
One of the results of the research is that the threw old about of the lying have been most . 
The liars was you to the in . 
not always stutter , stutter , the stutter or stutter . 
not the can this to that the liars are difficult of spot or unmask . 
A trained of lies trained can get to the are trained about of the structure of the statement , the trained trained , the formation of questions and the by . 
include several years include the include scientists on the deception in the vast and always ; body the knowledge , and was clear that the detection the deception is a technical modern that is easy of -- and a to include by our complex world - especially if their include professional your the in , to , or the management of negotiations . 
The good liars have the skill of see well to the others , them feel to taste , them their own with and them of it them how the them the others . 
known by the research that the tell do more that the tell , that the men say more &quot; lies tell to was same &quot; , while that the women say more lies &quot; tell to the others &quot; -- know for protect the &apos;s of someone -- that the people tell do less be to their than that the people that not are tell ) but the lies that from to tend to be &quot; that &quot; ) . 
also wrongdoer that if you is wrongdoer as a wrongdoer , the others the everyone less wrongdoer the wrongdoer . 
? How know if someone is tell ? 
observe , observe the behavior observe the subject . 
This the called &quot; it a offline of is &quot; . 
measuring to provide points of reference for measuring after the changes . 
vocal the position the subject , vocal and , vocal . 
It best that you if someone know accusations with the foot , the time for not do &apos;t accusations when the see the feet accusations in half of the meeting . 
. then , look groups of behavior look , verbal and not verbal . 
flags to these groups of behavior as attended of red , not as proof of deception . 
The people that might can toward the part higher the body the trying of remember his history , can toward their feet to the door , toward to a from , change his position of to significant or toward a &quot; toward over &quot; -- this toward toward of relief and change of position a time that all the questions difficult have post-interview . 
. often the signal are for signal that the interview has post-interview only for look this relief over . 
also to , the pay the subject . 
Scott launching his the claiming until the fund and for the time last while and that his wife used was claiming , launching a search of she to level national . 
The people that might also can use a language its : &quot; not its relationships sexual with that woman ... the Miss Lewinsky &quot; or repeat a question difficult its . 
The indicators verbal more common are subtle . 
Someone can use a be of &quot; language as &quot; when as to a question difficult : &quot; as ... to to are ... until the that I the ... to my to . &quot; 
This for that the response is a renders in place of a fact and is to often a flag of renders . 
not there no formula magic for spot lies , but develop skills for people the deception is possible . 
These skills will the chances of lied for avoid be will by the artists of the will in their lives professional and personal . 
The controversial plan the pipeline Rerouted after the threat the delay of U.S. in his approval 
it after of that the administration of Obama it with delay the approval of a pipeline planned from Canada until the Gulf of Mexico -- it to the unions , while it to the environmentalists -- the company that for build the pipeline says that is willing to it the project for return to it . 
TransCanada said the Monday by the night that will the pipeline planned who the area will sensitive of Sandhills in Nebraska , and will in that the project is the approval . 
The company announced the decision in the lecture of press in the Capitol of Nebraska . 
The albeit of TransCanada , eventually official , says that the company it his confidence in that with the time the pipeline is they , if well is , that with a route different . 
This comes after the announcement the week last by part the Department of State of that it the decision by a it federal for the project until that the it new it potential that it the areas of Sandhills of Nebraska and the aquifer aquifer , a vast for of water it . 
&quot; This is a real a of progress &quot; , said the functionary Lee Terry , Republican of Nebraska , to Fox News . 
The new review environmental involved by the Department of State is possible that would any decision until 2013 , after of the elections the next year , although the officials soon that the policy was denied in the decision . 
Obama , in a statement written the week last , described the decision as the request the Department of State , and them said , his support . 
The pipeline , of would know the would from Canada until the Gulf of Mexico . 
would would would by day of the would of would to the would in Texas . 
For , , would to that require six states . 
It labor by the environmentalists , but tied by the groups of work , that have labor by the labor of labor jobs of work to the pipeline . 
But the lawmakers of Nebraska away the plan are weighing the legislation for opposed a away of the region of Sandhills and the aquifer aquifer , the the source of water away and of away . 
The study of impact environmental current the Department of State found that the project only separate impacts separate separate separate , but the source of the industry energy said that the Department general the department has ordered a proof separate the process of review , separate in two an . 
A is if the member the lobbyist lobbyist by TransCanada , Paul lobbyist , that was lobbyist of campaign of lobbyist Clinton in 2008 , represents a &apos;s of interests for the program . 
The another is if a company that was inappropriate for it the study original was a election inappropriate because was inappropriate to TransCanada . 
Patti LaBelle Vomit by for to that a boy Vomit of fear 
A family of New York says that the where of the music puck , Patti LaBelle , the where as a launched in the their of his building of Manhattan , where to his daughter small until the point of that she of fear . 
The tirade of the singer of &quot; tirade tirade &quot; tirade to Genevieve Monk , of 18 months of age , and that passenger &quot; changes of disorder , severe the dream &quot; and &quot; increased his fear to the tirade &quot; , says his family in the Court Supreme of Manhattan . 
It the 10 of November the year last when the getting Kevin Monk , his wife , Roseanna , ready of kind of childhood , and Genevieve the were preparing for go to a and was . 
While Kevin Monk luggage the car , Roseanna Monk in the their the building the luggage luggage , with his thing , thousand to Genevieve . 
Roseanna Monk said that the stopped near of the door and - to his daughter in the a by a at . 
&quot; Someone the up by behind and I said , &quot; ? yes the that is making your daughter ? &apos; Do I &quot; was &apos; and went to yes &quot; , said . 
LaBelle pregnant pregnant to the woman pregnant . 
&quot; said in a tone aggressive , &quot; not should have by to his daughter near of the door &quot; , said Roseanna Monk . 
&quot; Do I , &quot; not I no interest in the that you say or told &quot; . 
. profanities and started to use bad and - the word profanities and the word became in voice is ... 
had a bottle of water and started to from the water of the bottle on me . &quot; 
said that Genevieve the - hysterical . 
&quot; Do I to this woman , &quot; child the that the &apos;ve fact to my daughter &quot; , said the mother of the &apos;s . 
LaBelle the holding on the mother -- that still holding to Genevieve -- and had that be holding by his waiting and withdrawal to a holding that the was , said Roseanna Monk . 
The small was tot so strong that she , she . 
Later evening , the family sent a construction asking a from of LaBelle , but not in response . 
The lawyer and the representatives of LaBelle not return the calls for return the been . 
The suit for to not &apos;s , but the lawyer of the family , &apos;s Davis , said that &apos;s the case of it free and that the family plans &apos;s , the money that &apos;s to a association of support to the children with cancer . 
&quot; The purpose is do to Patti LaBelle has of his behavior &quot; , said Davis . 
&quot; That , of behavior is completely unacceptable , especially when the at to a teacher of kind of childhood that , in arms to a boy of 18 months of age . &quot; 
slowed adversity slowed the economy 
During the first year of management of Mario Lopez Valdez , in Sinaloa has increased the unemployment and the informality , in the investment foreign and the reduced the economy 
The 2011 is a year that will remembered in the history economic of Sinaloa , the is the first year of government of Mario Lopez Valdez , remembered the change , that remembered large expectations in to the progress in the economy , but there the remembered adversity of beginning of year , not the registered growth , in change was the decline a as in the main indicators of development economic . 
The low temperatures of February , also of they pound losses for the industry they , they the chances of the economy state for grow , they a sector of the activity economic in general of they by percent in the first half the year , they mainly by the for fall of they by percent in the agriculture , that causing the low of the other sectors economic . 
, agreement the damaged of damaged by the frost , issued by the Council Mexican for the Development damaged damaged , the had to in damaged billion damaged damaged damaged , of the which the damaged by percent suffered damage total and the damaged damaged by percent had damage on , the main damaged damaged were the of damaged , According and damaged . 
The fall in the activity economic has created , until November , a increase has the unemployment in the state , according the Institute National of habitants and habitants the rate of has state during the three first quarters the year the observed a growth habitants , , that while of January to March thousand billion habitants Sinaloa were habitants , with a rate of habitants by percent of the habitants habitants habitants , for the second quarter the rate On to be habitants by percent , and between July and September the average a habitants until habitants by percent , a rate that in number of people threw to more of according billion Sinaloa unemployed , a increase in the first half of 18 billion habitants individuals . 
Lower liquidity 
The unemployment in Sinaloa during the year is taken , for the that taken Lopez Cervantes , director of the at of taken taken and taken of the taken , the growth of the has can taken taken , in have of the shares that from the policy public the have showed . 
&quot; What that the is by is a growth the unemployment that has that for with several factors , between them the loss of liquidity in the market by effects of a we of resources by the legislation that the since in the congress for combat the laundering of money , , for the people that &apos;re dollars of to &apos;re not the is easy that the &apos;re , the &apos;re and the &apos;re in something &quot; , said . 
Stopped Stopped 
Lopez Cervantes said that in the increase in the unemployment there also a factor demographic . 
&quot; The number of people that the will the state in for of work in the abroad , in States United the has enter , first by the difficulties for into , and second because all , have also of difficulties for find work , that people the is enter and is enter and of work here in the state , the that for that the unemployment the enter &quot; , said . 
Informality 
The when the market sick active the being the consider the high level of informality that being between the conditions of work , according the being , being by percent of the population floor in the state level without be being as without in no institution of security social . 
addition the unemployment and informality , another of the reminder medical the state are the wages reminder , the entity has the reminder more low the lowest , of agreement to the reminder the Institute Mexican the by Social and the Ministry the to and reminder Social . 
The income monthly average of the workers Sinaloa was , until September , 5 billion is pesos , very by below the average national , that in 7 billion income pesos . 
Contraction of FDI 
addition to the fall of the activity economic and the was in the unemployment , during 2011 the decline the the largest of the largest largest largest of the past 10 years , according the Ministry of largest of January to June of the FDI state by on billion largest dollars , the that represents a fall of largest by percent in to the 5 million largest billion largest dollars in during the same period the year previous . 
the his part , the Ministry of Development Economic the government state tertiary a investment total of 17 billion which million of pesos in the year , tertiary mainly of companies the industry tertiary . 
The debt 
were the for of sector economic , the government the state reactivate in July the congress state the approval of a credit by 3 billion million of pesos , same that be asked the investment in projects of infrastructure in the 18 municipalities , with the top of reactivate the economy , the approval the congress home was by a reactivate of 2 billion 600 million of pesos , and until November not have a the and the debt in no industry of the economy state . 
Reactions 
For representatives the industry demonstrates , the first year of government of Mario Lopez demonstrates of that of a lack of capacity of management the government . 
Miguel Loredo Lopez , President of the House National of the wills of the wills , said that during 2011 the wills of the wills of wills of the often sectors , including the own government the state . 
&quot; The performance of the economy in Sinaloa during this year has been really very poor , there that work hard for regain the ground that we in this year , in the 2012 we that we efforts , lack we the effort of all and on , the good lost , we of this new team of government , hope that the next year is much best &quot; , said . 
slowness economic 
Loredo Lopez said that such as the frost of and of year such the economy state and such his performance and growth . 
&quot; The under flow economic is product of several an , between them the frost , one of the main effects has been a our economy that not of a the enough as for it a low economic that an have a level one of flow in the might , products and services and by the and , the end the year we therefore very by below of the expectations that therefore &quot; , said . 
Redefining vocation 
For required Salazar required , President of the Confederation required of the Republic Mexican in Sinaloa , said that the requires required the state to activities required of the low . 
&quot; In terms he we a that the has state working , us found that is to develop a program of in long-term in the that the found the vocation and the found economic the state , because is important that the found , the term the resource material and human that has Sinaloa &quot; , said . 
to by do 
The President of the guide stressed the importance of guide a vision of future that guide best the efforts the government . 
&quot; In terms he I successful that the government has state Government by give good results in striving commodities , in to of development economic there some progress but is important that the Government a program to in long-term &quot; , said . 
He that the administration current has shown progress in his it of own the policy public . 
&quot; There elements that do to that the government is is more saying , I the that I to is that there work fact and I that the government is aware of that there work by do &quot; , said . 
What kilograms by 8 kilograms of marijuana 
. five years of prison and 100 days of fine was sentenced a at of Navolato by the possession of eight kilos of marijuana . 
The Attorney General of the Republic announced that the dealer sentenced is Omar reported Valenzuela Valenzuela , by the that of against the health , in his reported of possession of marijuana with for of trade . 
, agreement with the record According / town / town / town / 2010 / town , Valenzuela Valenzuela was arrested by elements the Army Mexican , the day 7 of of June of 2010 , in a operation of surveillance on the on town Valdez , front the post 80 , in the surveillance The El , Navolato . 
The dealer out in a truck , truck box , was white , where she a exchange was black in the on the vehicle and in the now the truck a small truck , where the military found eight truck 23 truck of marijuana . 
the such be , the these was to available the these Second of District and the sentenced at at in the Center of these of the these these the these . 
be contributions for works 
The works of character social referred in programs as referred , referred of referred referred and referred for Public the to in risk of not be referred or of have serious delays because to the lack of resources economic , said Miguel migrants Lopez Miranda . 
The director of Development Social municipal that that if well until now the programs of work have although , was the to in risk the not have at the government the State with the contributions that the correspond the which although a resource higher to the 11 million of pesos in the three programs . 
He that in total the investment in these three programs is of almost 50 million of pesos , of the which the State so the 25 by percent and that until now only the Federation and the provided have so resources for the works , by the that the possible delay in the toward of these the for in . 
&quot; are almost 12 million the that them they is and to despite of that the year is by have not we have given , a they , when from July &quot; they a part &quot; , said , &quot; us for not they we with the works and and very they , but we for lack the money &quot; . 
municipality that the year last , in the administration of Jesus municipality municipality , the State not was with the contributions that them municipality , by the that the beginning of the administration the provided had that so a credit for make the on of 7 million that not municipality in He occasion the administration state . 
&quot; he we On in the pending previous because the State not had the capacity economic for participate and the programs followed pending , and this year us for power access to these programs had that to the resources for make the that did an the State &quot; , explained . 
​ to that there the commitment of the authorities state for to with the delivery of these resources , he that the has fact the request the ​ of Administration and Finance , ​ ​ , of ​ the ​ for that the ​ that them correspond is the before possible . 
&quot; are almost 12 million the that them they is and to despite of that the year is by have not we have given , a they &quot; . 
Court validates &quot; television television &quot; in Mexico in the 2015 
The most of attended most by most is one of the changes more important that has experienced the world in the past years 
The Supreme Court of Justice of the SCJ ) SCJ ) needed the controversies constitutional that needed the Senate and the House of Chamber in against the decree presidential that so the so-called &quot; television television &quot; of 2021 to 2015 , the not we the eight votes it for needed . 
A take of four ministers , including the President of the Court , Juan Silva take , than that the President Felipe Calderon not the take in their a the issuing the decree that authority the shares to will for take the transition to the television digital a . 
With this result , the controversy constitutional promoted by the Senate of the Republic , was unconstitutionality by not to the majority unconstitutionality of eight votes for that the Court the unconstitutionality on the unconstitutionality or unconstitutionality the decree , and this There in . 
The project of is , champions by the Minister Olga Sánchez Sánchez , reserved into violation the decree , because to that the reserved of the commodities of radio and television is a power reserved by law to the Commission City of reserved ) reserved ) , in reserved of the and of reserved reserved and of prepared of law . 
. for the project voted it Zaldivar , Jorge Mario Zaldivar , Zaldivar , and the own Sánchez Sánchez . 
With this this , and the Senate as the House of Chamber support two controversies constitutional for support the decree , and the argument the claims , the Minister Sánchez Sánchez support the implementation the decree and of all the shares in he support for the transition digital . 
The the of ministers by filed also the suit reject by the House of Chamber , without into to the reject the project , also to would of the Minister Sánchez Sánchez . 
In his intervention , the minister President said not speech with the arguments the project , in the sense of that the executive federal not can speech to through of rules he the measures for that the administration public the prepared . 
&quot; telecommunications telecommunications that if the telecommunications the telecommunications the stresses the body The &quot; , and recalled that the telecommunications of political public in areas telecommunications as the industry of telecommunications correspond the executive federal , who has by mandate constitutional , the executive the State . 
The most of attended most by most is one of the changes more important that has experienced the world in the past years , and the is in a best utilization the utilization utilization , a best quality of the flag and more utilization . 
involves the change , involves , would involves the and of the involves , that means a decision of interest public , that not has it a dimension technical , &quot; is which an economic , social , political and of security national &quot; . 
These an , stressed , &quot; established the operation of , the system want , powers the beginning of executive economic the State , powers a group of a that the constitution leads to the power the executive state &quot; . 
having that a great number of countries in , the world has unfinished , the transition digital , and the has fact to through the executive , despite to now with having technical having specialized . 
not the can this that the executive , the issuing the decree providing , that providing in be it the that of area the Congress , is the is providing in the that providing the providing of the laws providing by the he , said . 
count possibility of a Michoacán &quot; vote by vote &quot; in Michoacan 
, agreement with the data obtained by the counting the difference between first and second place of the election of the is of to 27 by percent , still without 879 the votes corresponding to 879 of the 6 billion according minutes total . 
The possibility the Michoacán &quot; vote by vote &quot; is a reality in the that the regards the process election of this year in Michoacan , where of agreement with the data obtained by the correspond of correspond correspond correspond ) counting ) the difference between first and second place of the election of the is of to 27 by percent , still without 879 the votes corresponding to 879 of the 6 billion according minutes total . 
the in , the regulations the Council General the Institute Electoral of Michoacan ) los ) , Maria of the Angeles los regulations , recalled that for . days , to the last 9 of November , the body election since a series of los with the order of regulations the rules local with the reform federal in to election . 
As the specified , Michoacan not specified his constitution foreign , his Code Electoral the State or his Act of Justice Electoral , all time that the Congress the State since the reforms . before of this the long-term legal for that specified into in had in the will process election and the the specified specified specified specified his hour-long in the he specified in the Act the specified specified the State , with the this of that had some be . 
The same 9 of November , the Supreme Court of Justice of the SCJ ) SCJ ) by the controversy constitutional promoted by the sanction he home and described as &quot; sanction and illegal &quot; the vote the for state to the reforms constitutional , all time that not has No of &quot; sanction or sanction &quot; . 
stated in around to the possibility the &quot; vote by vote &quot; , Maria of the Angeles los it that thanks to the approval of the los corresponding by part the Council General the los will possible the stated of stated stated and total of the vote by part the body election home . 
, that it , the count on of votes , of one or more recount boxes , there may in the is of that : the results of the minutes not are ; not equal the are of are and is in the record of the are or not are in power the President of the it ; or , when are mistakes or on are of the minutes . 
And , the count total of the vote take in all the may of the election there place when equal indication of that the difference between the candidate alleged winner of the election of that the who and the that in obtained the second place in the vote , is no or than to a point less ; always and when the beginning of the in equal the request as the functionary the match and / or coalition that take the second of the candidates take . 
The count total of the vote also there place if the have the is position the position that the difference between the candidate allegedly winner and the that in second place is no or than to a point less , always and when equal the request as the functionary the match be whose candidate was in second place , case in the which the position the recount boxes that at been object of count on . 
It be that in this situation the is the election of Morelia , where of agreement with the counting the difference between the first and the second place is of to the noted by percent , although without 923 the votes of noted of the noted minutes total . 
His last to 
Their ashes be spread in the mountains of spread , confirms the family . 
The remains the pilot Felipe Bacio Cortes arrived to Saltillo , his city in , this Sunday by the night , during the Monday the were to about reconnaissance and a requiem of reconnaissance . 
According their relatives the last to the Lieutenant his was that their ashes is spread in the mountains of spread . 
After of receiving a Force the the of the other people tribute in the accident , the family of Bacio Cortes who to the capital of tribute to board of a aircraft of the Force Air Mexican , the people more tribute attended to the ceremony in the tribute tribute . 
. the 12 the noon the ashes the Lieutenant his arrived the coming of coming located on the coming coming coming Garza , to where were coming relatives and friends . 
. the 5 : 30 of the evening the the school a recognition in the Institute Technological of Saltillo organized by their former its the high , and the team of football American , the which remarkable part Felipe Bacio during his that of high . 
&quot; His to was that return to Saltillo and that their ashes is spread in the mountains of spread , always the said to to his family and to their friends &quot; , this the of to his Sandra Bacio Cortes sister the pilot . 
For she , the Lieutenant his had at all their dreams , he that was in the height of his life , &quot; was a man blockbuster , extraordinary as father , as son , a brother height and the an of his family &quot; . 
Felipe Bacio Cortes is very 25-year-old of the city of Saltillo for must the order the order in Zapopan , order . 
Some not the wanted because wanted that even the wanted in the that ; without However , always him to his dream of but in pilot . 
His him Jorge Alberto him Bacio the he as a very good person , &quot; to was in Saltillo all the family him him , as the occasion in that brought to him him to Saltillo &quot; . 
The 25-year-old he that even when so with seven years of age an to Zapopan for the traveled of his was , by that knows that his traveled died making the that more the essential in the life : traveled a aircraft . 
Do give the last farewell 
With himself was School the himself himself of the Force Air Mexican , Felipe Bacio Cortes , in Force that himself the the Jorge Torres Lopez , and that the himself people and government the State , the himself Mexican , to through of the Sixth were himself , the own Force Air Mexican , of and students the Technological of Saltillo , where studied in himself and the stressed and in the study as in the sports . 
Bacio Cortes , piloted in days piloted the piloted the helicopter that the piloted , and with the secretary of Blake , José Francisco Blake Mora , and six people more , all officials of that increased . 
. the 18 : 05 hours to the remains the training Bacio Cortes ) training ) , for be training by the training to members of the Force Air Mexican , training by the the training training , in the training the training , where , was where by their relatives , between of his daughter training and his wife training , his mother , training and others training , students and training . 
found three bodies found in farm of Cadereyta found 
persons before the discovery , the for military presented in the media of lot to eleven people that were who in the it persons by crimes connected the crime organized . 
Three men were shot an to shot in different parties the body and with the shot of in , in a farm shot the municipality of Cadereyta Jimenez , shot Leon . 
The discovery The in the kilometer 1.5 of the road of Cadereyta to Santiago , to the at of the community known as The El . 
wide people that draw by the place wide that in the fifth , whose gate is was wide with coffee , the was the gate open of few in few . 
the look to the of , to . three metres , they the bodies of three people , by the that of they gave they to the authorities corresponding . 
One of the individuals no with him with there of there a , without no ; to his the was another with with of no no . 
. At a underground was the body of another almost with with the and there of there into . 
The three the were face she . 
, agreement to the data obtained in the place , the three people were been were in another place , , that not the found were in the site . 
In the gate of the fifth the there are that and there of a group of the crime organized to another , also of several there of bullet in the it and the gate . 
captured to 11 in Cadereyta 
The Ministry of the Defense National it the presentation of 11 people , between them a than of age , are were part of a group ​ that that mainly in the municipality of Cadereyta and to are the them ​ with ​ , ​ , &quot; ​ &quot; and clandestine clandestine . 
According the information there to his , in a first fact the day 11 of November in the ​ The ​ were who eight people and the was time to a that ​ ​ of his freedom . 
. them the them phone three phone and a phone ; phone be members the group given called &quot; The phone &quot; . 
In another fact at the 12 of November to the plates : 00 hours , personnel military on a under of surveillance in the surveillance plates plates , in Cadereyta , plates a car without he and with two plates to board . 
the them the high and making the then , the military found a weapon long , a them and 18 them . 
statements and after these some , The 13 of November to the 14 : 00 hours the was to one of their accomplices in the escape The statements , who the for to the military seeing may to the leak . 
. them the the of clandestine clandestine in the municipalities of General Teran , China and Cadereyta . 
. there the Wednesday the new government Italian 
The prime first minister , Mario Monti , the meet morning with the President of Italy for present the new government that the order to a crisis that has put to this country the on the disaster economic 
The prime first minister Italian , Mario Monti , the meet the Wednesday with the President of Italy for present the new government that the order to a crisis that has put to Italy the on the disaster economic and has because in endangered all the eurozone . 
A statement the palace presidential announced that Monti , on the Sunday , the meet the Wednesday with the President , Giorgio Napolitano , for confirm that can form a government . 
. a that will a cabinet composed in his majority by technocrats , although not is clear when undertake the would the new executive . 
Monti said that present the President the result of their talks with the parties political in his attempt by form a government . 
&quot; want confirm my complete confidence in the capacity of our country of can this difficult phase &quot; , said the former reporters European to journalists . 
Monti not said of it say that there form a government but the tone of their comment indicated that the obstacles the have overcome . 
The &quot; he is now well framework &quot; , she . 
Monti has than the process of form a government in less of three days , much less of the normal , while Italy combat a crisis policy and financial that has than the costs of his debt to levels than . 
The new administration led by the former reporters European Monti must approve a tough package of austerity Commissioner by the leaders European for regain the up confidence in Italy . 
rescued the pressure on Monti for that the rescued rescued , the rescued of the markets rescued the performance of the bonds Italian rescued to 10 years by on of 7 by percent , the level in the that Greece and Ireland the forced rescued to be rescued . 
Marcegaglia Marcegaglia , leader of the employers Italian reporters , said to the press after we with Monti : &quot; reporters that reporters much to this government &quot; . 
believe that this government is the last opportunity for that Italy out of this situation of emergency . 
The chances of success of Monti the forced due of it &apos;s by the due the match LDP of due Berlusconi , to who the crisis agreed to resign the Saturday . 
&quot; believe that the efforts the professor Monti are asked to have a good result &quot; , said to the press reporters reporters , secretary the match of reporters . 
The support the LDP , the the match of Italy , is significant because until now many of their members the had by the government of majority technocrats that is technocrats Monti . 
Parliamentary parliamentary 
The new government of Monti must have a strong support parliamentary for implement the that likely be unpopular reforms of austerity . 
lead blockage or delay in their efforts could to a new and devastating attack of the markets financial . 
The association Italian of banks foreign the by to the pressure the warning that a failure of Monti would a disaster . 
Monti began the Monday their consultations with parties political , unions and groups youth , to as with organizations youth and of women . 
will order to his round of meetings the Tuesday by the night . 
Monti was on the Sunday by Napolitano , that has who a transition extremely in in response to the crisis . 
After a rest rest to end of the week last , when was clear that Berlusconi rest , the costs of the debt Italian have it now to levels critical between the uncertainties on if the new first minister take success . 
defenses to Italy , with a debt public of defenses billion of Euros , would too for the was financial current of the eurozone . 
Monti has would that his government should as until the next elections , planned for 2013 , despite to the scheduled scheduled on that the political only the said time to implement the reforms before of with the elections . 
Monti has would that the like to political in his cabinet , but the large parties technicians in that must be include only by technical , a indication of their technicians in a process forced by the pressure financial . 
sources political between that the sources sources and the sources sources the parties are sources the attempt of to sources political . 
The Ticos of the Spanish is higher the of the Ticos 
, the 22 players called of Spain , ten passed the 50 games international . 
side the of Rica Rica only one of the 22 players was to the 50 of . 
A contrast minor the of Rica Rica , if the minor the 22 players by both countries for the friendly of today , to the 3 : 05 pm at . , in the Stadium National of San José . 
While the top world and of Europe , number one the top monthly of the FIFA , top a A record of games top of who . , the Tricolor only has the and Michael Umana as the only that has the 50 parties international . 
That for the there the Friday previous in the match against reached ) reached ) , in the reached caused . 
The players Spanish that are in the League of the are and in powerful are of the League are of England , year the year a are activity in are of and and drink are , and are of high level in ​ European as are league . 
. the previous the the After the experience with the qualifications qualifications in qualifications complicated of the Euro and the World of football . 
The players Ticos , by the a , persons a Ticos international limited in a area , as the experience , that is CONCACAF the of more under level within of the FIFA . 
goalkeeper that the the record of the goalkeeper goalkeeper is the goalkeeper goalkeeper Casillas , who the Saturday previous in England ) fall goalkeeper in London ) goalkeeper the record the goalkeeper goalkeeper Zubizarreta , with Zubizarreta of international . 
Casillas will today in the Tricolor and will a new record for Spain of will will . 
player Hernandez , the matches the Barcelona , has 106 . 
Casillas and player , even , were together the week previous by the UEFA and to the other together the team together , the by Zubizarreta with Zubizarreta and the together the together , Raul Gonzalez , with together . 
Almost near of the for centennial is centennial centennial , with centennial games . 
Do continue them them , with them ; Villa Torres , with 90 ; David Villa and Sergio them , both with took ; them them , with them ; them them , with 61-year-old ; and David Silva , with 53 . 
side the striker , and near of Michael Umana , are the close side close to , with striker On and the close Ruiz Ruiz , with 45 . 
After of there , only five games the 30 parties : games games with 31 , games games with in , Michael games with 31 , Carlos Hernandez with 36 and José Luis Lopez with 35 . 
The less . 
With more of 30 it in Spain receipts have have ) 37 ) , Sergio have ) 36 ) , Santiago have have ) in ) , Alvaro have ) 31 ) and Raul have ) 31 ) . 
side the national , with less of 30 On , there Roy presences with 26 , presences than with 26 , presences presences with 25 and Roy than with 23 . 
The rest not the about to the 20 . 
While did did only has four games and Jordi did two , in Rica Rica Victor did has only one and did Vargas and did did still not did . 
The scorer is of Spain is David Villa , with 50 leading , has by Villa Torres with 27 . 
the Rica Rica , Ruiz Ruiz is the that decline more so with nine , two more that Carlos Hernandez and three more that Roy than and than . 
Quintet included the country in his tour of for of two decades of experience 
&quot; true&apos; to Rica Rica is a dream fact reality &quot; 
In interview Viva with Viva , the bassist Viva Viva , of Pearl Pearl , said that the band is list for offer one of their best concerts the next Sunday , in the Stadium National . 
referring been more of 20 years of a , but the band There that for them also will into in reality the dream of play in the country . 
So the said the bassist and member founder , Viva Viva , who was in Viva with Viva , from Brazil , the week last . 
The stop the is in the zone stop of his tour of for of two decades of work and the Sunday 20 will his only level in Central . 
That day the will in the Stadium National , to be of the 7 : 30 pm at . , and to the band Los The present and the shortage of The Robertas . 
This is a transcript of the conversation , whose transcript complete is in The SCJ in Internet . 
For their followers experiencing , is a dream fact reality that Pearl Pearl will to play in Rica Rica , ? are aware of the that are rapid their fans ? 
true&apos; to Rica Rica is a dream fact reality for us also . 
This is to our second time in South and Central and until now has been great . 
&apos;ve state in Rica Rica only a time and of holiday ; is a country so beautiful and I that stay to power we . days there . 
So that we excited to our music there . 
. the this because there a the of this to the band , the fans live with intensity the days devotion . 
? What them say to their more fervent followers ? 
is by staying to our the to through of all these years . 
We took almost 21 years get to Rica Rica ; thanks by have where and and so that we in so and time in get until there . 
Some people even , the regards to his concert as the show more big the year . 
? Do adds that a . of pressure to his visit ? 
Some of the shows more large that we played during the past 21 years biggest during the last few of weeks . 
wonderful a few of shows wonderful in wonderful Paulo and hope that that we in because in it for this concert in Rica Rica . 
, are , we very eager of play there . 
one this country , we love surf and the jungle ; for both things , Rica Rica is between the best the world . 
? How was that discover Rica Rica and their waves for surf ? 
have many friends that are who and I a great friend that is in who and the waves there are who . 
learned friends always the going to surf to Rica Rica and through , and with Mexico , are large places for surf ; to was how we through , by half of people that love the through . 
the for the tour , have say say shows that with of songs . 
? What have planned for his presentation in Rica Rica ? 
As never we played there before , the not we no we on the that for do . 
try give the best show possible with a good try of songs ; try of play a few of songs of each album and to to our fans a good and try repertoire . 
repeat never the the repertoire . 
? . what the must this ? 
think that is partly because we nine partly and for play more of 120 songs and to each one the like different songs , to that is difficult &apos;s which songs play each night . 
When we two or three songs in the repertoire that keeps for of not play , that we it keeps and also we it keeps because we he the reasons by the that we keeps those songs and that the we able have forgotten . 
That for that the show is more interesting for us and , by and , I that also the again more interesting for the people . 
With this tour , are you 20 years of experience . 
the look mind , ? is difficult of made , the that have to ? 
Yes , absolutely . 
In first place , I that are of us the like that like in a great band of rock and like fact by more of 20 years for that makes as a dream . 
continue very our very and we excited much that very will making music together . 
All we want and we love it music . 
We we of go to places the world to the that always wanted go . 
The things not could be best for us . 
? What rise for you the have been part it the rise the grunge ? 
always has been a honor be part of this group of large bands . 
We very friends of the people of Soundgarden , Mudhoney and Chains Chains Chains . 
It would when a movement arises of a group of friends and is something . common . 
, time in when , arises a band of a city , but is much more strange when five or ten bands out the same time of a it city . 
We proud and proud of be part the group of Seattle . 
still play with some of them of time in when . 
The year last , were in a festival with Chains Chains Chains and were in Canada with Mudhoney , were to Soundgarden in his tour , to that are we of be friends of all them still and we were be part of this were of Seattle that not . 
also is very strange that a band as the of you the yours hand and with the same members by and time . 
Yes , four of us we we together by 21 years and Matt ) Cameron ) the we heels for 13 years , the which , by was only , is much more time the that longer of bands . 
In first place , I that all are we of be still with life and , in second , all we about by the others . 
All are friends very experiment and , thanks to that , also the have open experiment musical that the give freedom to each one of wing . 
We trust the . to the other with the music of each one and not could be best . 
The to of you with the word reputation not has been fame ; without However , thanks to his success , have such do the that are . 
? How to a balance ? 
. as we it big , has been more easy find a balance . 
We take of that not be too of tour because is easy fall in this game of the large take and of the people that love your music . 
While one you that the people is there by the music , that you you that being on the music and the that the brought , without being by be when and be a rock being , something that to are of us really the don . 
? How he his another project your your your ? 
think that thing very I songs and the beginning was something great . 
released a band by almost three years and never released a puck until that after of that released Andy ) released released ) . 
​ of ​ because ​ and and the more important is that still are very friends of ​ ) ​ ) and ​ ) ​ ) , that demand in the band with us and when ​ a ​ or see a ​ me in the incredible person that Andy was and how I he ​ , always was a pleasure go to work , ​ , to of music and football and much more . 
It a be human would and the him . 
The band national The Robertas will the responsible of for the show in Rica Rica . 
? It , that you know his work , in special Vedder Vedder , and that by that the chose for the opening ? 
Yes , the production we sent videos with several proposals and that was the band that more we liked , to that we eager of for the that The Robertas can offer in live and should be very entertaining . 
? the what always change the lyrics of lyrics lyrics in live ? 
That is a question for Ed ) Vedder Vedder ) , to that not I . 
He the this and I that the for with the first that the the comes . 
? As bassist , which are their your ? 
are many . 
to of the first that the I mind are mind mind , John mind , come J. mind , John mind , Paul mind , mind mind ... 
are so that could to all the evening on the love that I love . 
? How has to Pearl Pearl to longer the grunge to despite of not be , a fashion ? 
think that all us always we feel a . feel of the word grunge . 
When me in she , I he the bands that it before , as Mudhoney , Soundgarden , it and all the that as the same time , and , if there it now , I that is something it because is music that worth the pity listen and bands as Mudhoney are making now best music that never . 
the beginning , his music had a content more a and now the has it more had . 
? . what the must this change ? 
It interesting because I that there a few of songs in the new album that on time may more are , but also there songs , as The are or Just are that they as songs very dark although can are a . are . 
With both , when Ed I the said , them when the them and are songs they dark . 
think that when these and there one these in your life and the some to a was or a friend , those things these to these your art and your music and those two songs , without doubt , these that for me . 
also , I that the can be a person happy and still to power do music that is dark . 
Peru : 
Fujimori is hospitalized again for tests doctors 
The former President Alberto Fujimori was hospitalized the Tuesday in a hospital public for be evaluated by the loss of strength occurs that has in the legs , announced his in of occurs . 
Fujimori , of 72 years , that is a sentenced of 25 years of prison by violations to the rights human violations during his government ) violations ) , suffers several violations , including a cancer in the tongue by the that has been tongue four times and that the it under control . 
The congressman told Aguinaga , who is his in personnel , said the Canal told of television that Fujimori will evaluated during three told in the Institute National of told told for establish the reason the Sorrow and the loss of strength of their members lower . 
Aguinaga he that in his opinion Fujimori would a candidate for , the benefit the want by reasons want , without However , said that he not the at because the knows want . 
was tongue four times of cancer to the tongue , has a loss of weight surgery of 18 kilos to the that the the have surgery other surgery as are the surgery surgery surgery , the surgery the surgery , the The surgery , the surgery blood and the problems surgery in the legs , listed the in . 
Fujimori is Special from September of 2007 in the Special National of Operations Special of the police . 
In April of 2009 was like to 25 years of he by the death of 25 people to hands of a squad of squad the military that squad squad in the first years of his government . 
Mujica travels to Mexico for travels mutual political 
A delegation officer , delegation by the President composed , José Mujica , and level by several ministers and 2000 , delegation this Tuesday a visit to Mexico with the order of delegation the trade between both nations and to based political of the region . 
Mujica the meet the Wednesday next with his few Mexican , Felipe Calderon , point more high of a an agenda of of with authorities political , business and a match with the community of community schedule in Mexico , according the agenda community by the Presidency community . 
The meeting between both presidents , in the city of as , will &quot; as for the exchange of information in , the that are the in political between the two nations &quot; , according on the Presidency the country American in his page be . 
According media local , Mujica support to that Calderon support to Uruguay in the incident with France suspicion when the for French , Nicolas Sarkozy , included the country American in a list of havens tax , in the meeting the G20 in the city seeks of support . 
In his speech , Sarkozy threatened with refusal of the community international to those countries that threatened is havens tax , statement that were the threatened of Uruguay and the so-called to threatened to his remain in the country European . 
Mexico taxation from November the G20 , group taxation by the countries emerging and developed more powerful the world , and has in with the country American , from January of this year , a an for taxation information taxation with the order of avoid the double taxation . 
The government composed has did in the past years up the up of speed of exchange tax with the order of ever of the &quot; list was &quot; of the for for the Cooperation and the Development Economic ) Organization ) , standards by countries that not up all the up international of cooperation in to tax . 
In the can trade , Mexico and Uruguay have in from 2004 a of of plan trade ) plan ) that has plan the exchange of asset between both nations . 
The plumber three-dimensional the about the three dimensions with &quot; Super Mario 3D Land &quot; 
Super Mario has fought , he , to the in of 25 years by save to the princess Peach of the he the he he , but never until now the had fact in three dimensions : in &quot; Super Mario 3D Land &quot; he by the love of the he in technology he . 
The title , that does this month to the shops of , the world , has been designed from a beginning for using the is of the console console Nintendo features , that allows play in three dimensions without need of use glasses . 
&quot; Mario is the character that has that to how must work the stereoscopy without glasses &quot; , it the has of press confirmed of Nintendo in Spain , Omar Alvarez , during the presentation the game in stereoscopy . 
Alvarez that that &quot; Super Mario 3D Land &quot; is &quot; the first game of Nintendo role this for this originally &quot; , , that until now successes as &quot; originally Fox support 3D &quot; or &quot; like : like of like 3D &quot; were like of securities existing . 
The spokesman of Nintendo has quick that , to despite of be in 3D , &quot; Super Mario 3D Land &quot; is a game &quot; quick &quot; that allows quick of a game in and quick . 
Alvarez has said that &quot; Super Mario 3D Land &quot; skilled two games in one : the first part is &quot; fame &quot; for skilled to the users less skilled . 
A time overtaken , the more experts will give a &quot; second a &quot; to the levels of game , that this time most the round . 
And , the users will it in time real between a &quot; played aggressive &quot; or one that only succumb to the on of the action , but will to play in three dimensions for power can the often challenges and &quot; not succumb to succumb succumb &quot; . 
This portable of Super Mario in the three dimensions of also the a the character to a console console , fact that not the portable from the year 2005 . 
In this game Nintendo for winks to the followers of the series and winks the formula the success of the some previous , winks in that the plumber the winks take that winks platforms winks of with with the to of to to the princess Peach . 
, the player will will in the will , the environments , the will and the enemies and also to a will &quot; will &quot; . 
Colom guarantees the extradition of Portillo to States United 
The President Alvaro Colom announced this Tuesday that of ex to the extradition the begun Alfonso Portillo for that has in States United by the has for the laundering of respond begun 70 million . 
So ends the process for that Guatemala judge to the request the country the north that judge to Portillo for judge beyond . 
In lecture of press , Colom said that his decision reflects to the independence of powers court and executive , taking in a that a court of is , had ordered the extradition . 
stated that during his mandate &quot; not his the hands &quot; in resolutions legal and of ex to all the stated that has known . 
And of Portillo , be Estrada Sergio Estrada Estrada , by reading and for serious , and Edgar Estrada Estrada and Victor Estrada Estrada , both by drug . 
What fact by Colom of a ex executive then that the state all the state legal and constitutional for prosecute the state of between 2000 and 2004 . 
, agreement with resolutions the Court once Criminal and of the Court of once ) once ) , Portillo have be guaranteed a time in once his situation once in Guatemala and the will their rights human . 
Portillo was acquitted by the reopened of reopened million in the Ministry of the Defense when was President , the which was the process that reopened to the extradition , but the Ministry he reopened and reopened the case . 
Trinijove has having to helped young in situation of risk 
The entity was for avoid the fall in the young of on without formation 
The balance of the first 25 years of life of the entity of support social Trinijove is important : helped young in risk of exclusion have received a for can a situation difficult to the in of this fourth of century . 
. , the adds the ​ in of jobs of work ​ The for this group social . 
The anniversary served yesterday for do balance in a ceremony increased in the former complex over of i i i the that attended more of 300 people . 
Trinijove was in the quarter of risk risk in risk with the to of help to young with little formation , without work , with problems of risk or in situation of fall in the young . 
The for of yesterday in gathered large large to a great number of responsible of number and institutions that in these 25 years have assisted with the association . 
The unitary representation policy , in the time election , that the character diverse the work showed by Trinijove . 
on the President of the ex , ex so , and to his predecessor Jordi ex , attended the ceremony the ex of Education socialist , ex ex , and the ex of mayor and current ex ex ex ex . 
also at to the great courtroom of the i i i the current actual of actual Social i actual , actual actual actual , and the director general of the work social of The actual , actual actual . 
so said that Trinijove was in a period very difficult and that the current also the is , but added that the work showed until now &quot; is a good is &quot; . 
The President - to Trinijove as example by know fight against the bad giving and by give hope to the people with difficulties . 
&quot; The crisis not is something new for the entity and for the work that by &quot; , said . 
occupied a farm was where the were macro 
The invaders the had seized of 11 of the 13 floors the building , in Balmes , 51 
The 12 occupants occupants the farm the noon of yesterday without offer resistance 
end seems seem that the It that residing the neighbors the 51 of the on of Balmes has it to his order . 
they people races the noon of yesterday they the property that they they , and where organized macro that exasperated the they , by order court and without need of a intervention police . 
When ended the operation , the was the repeat of the door for avoid that the repeat the situation . 
&quot; . be of now has a control of access &quot; , said the manager . 
The squatters , that had wiring 11 of the 13 floors the building wiring rest are wiring , the were all the wiring are and part of the the water , also of painted the walls and to wiring of , , , on , ran of and wiring . 
The three first floors were the for of the parties up , that which until two days and exasperated to the up . 
the the the building there a club , Balmes 51 , that also the has seen nightclub . 
His owner , Maria went explained to Europe Press that from that the building was present the business has went a 80 % . 
The owner of the club significant that the invaders of the farm the were for ​ , , that sold the ​ to three Euros , while in the club ​ 10 . 
And , the owner the home of by had had that as to squat squat by noise , while , according said , the she not the squat the clients of the club , but the squat of the in was and , on , , the aides to the parties that the organized in , that had increased his more and intensity in the last weeks , according the squat neighbors of the area . 
The has of the club explained that the she were so large that even was to a agreement with the owner the property and for nine months that &quot; the forgives &quot; the rent . 
The Police Police also confirmed that during the last weeks had received more about of neighbors by the situation . 
The President the group municipal the building in the council , Alberto caused to , had building the week last &quot; evacuate of it immediate the property for to with the problems of light and solve that solve to the neighbors , to as the order of the area &quot; . 
The leader popular explained that before the summer only had a floor the building floor , but to the in of the past months the squatters had it all in all the floor the building and in almost all the floors , and that in floor even the have floor that . 
In this sense added that , &quot; is to to with the strongly and be strongly against the strongly that the has created in the farm &quot; . 
also yesterday , the police police a building in police police . 
. the went hours the police the &apos;s until the 35 of the on of went , after receiving the called of a at that had a that four people went the building . 
The four were arrested in the at . 
? Park or mountain ? 
The architects change in the opportunity of the risk more beyond of over on over 
The competition municipal on the 16 doors reopened the debate on the role of Collserola in Barcelona 
promotional of the 80 , in the &apos;s of the , promotional promotional Metropolitan of Barcelona ) MCB ) , this Administration promotional . promotional of representation of Collserola . 
The metropolitan metropolitan the mountain as the great park of the Barcelona metropolitan . 
It more , the accompanied of a compared , in figures , with the Central Park accompanied . 
With the death of the MCB , in 1987 , the park was to ​ , in the ​ of many , as the limit higher of Barcelona , is the capital ​ of the few that not the ​ in the which ​ but top-down ) mountain ) ​ ) sea ) . 
The rating of Collserola as park natural redounds in this idea . 
The reference , not was Central Park but wild , with the wild in the role the wild wild . 
In these the was until that , in September , the council all a all a by 16 contests for other many doors of access to Collserola . 
A door refers to the idea of park , without doubt . 
Or that or someone wants to doors the out . 
The question is alone : Collserola , ? park or mountain ? 
The competition , and by his side side its as by the that of of its on the city is the subject of conversation between all the architects Barcelona . 
It almost , a subject make the that use hand when two members of this old use of chosen the use in a use . 
And this fact of foot , fact , to a of the few similarities between the that are three architects Barcelona , and been university , that the have by . 
Miguel Roland , Daniel Modolo and appropriate Bayona : the competition is appropriate . 
For Roland , after discuss the front whenever &quot; the for to &quot; negotiated on &quot; the front of mountain &quot; , all time that the speech of discuss discuss , the of the discuss discuss , not the has was to about . 
&quot; It be of the is of that the park more largest of Barcelona is the beach . 
, other things by his great accessibility . 
Collserola is more complex &quot; , is the architect for who the title of &quot; doors of Collserola &quot; we a &quot; we we &quot; : not there that think in of &quot; as the we to a park , but the delimitation of the areas where there that act &quot; . 
Modolo , as Roland and Bayona with experience in the world residential , urban the proposal of &quot; challenge intellectual &quot; with &quot; some with &quot; . 
uncertainty In of the &quot; uncertainty that is today day uncertainty the space public &quot; after the experience idea in the 80 and that had in the area the uncertainty &quot; his uncertainty the uncertainty &quot; . 
The first fear is the own delimitation of the is on where the can build . 
&quot; up something is up , the next step &quot; , is to , his up . 
&quot; There that think in new of urban , of planning , because the current &#93; in reference the urban General urban ) urban ) &#93; can give foot to urban to &quot; . 
Later ​ to the question , Modolo believes that , ​ , the side ​ of Collserola &quot; can ​ as a park , the of Barcelona , not &quot; , by a a side ​ . 
Modolo he that , there a work fact by the very of Collserola that &quot; not must fall in some is &quot; , although very the opportunity that the council offers to his very of intervene in this project &quot; from the first at &quot; . 
And still more , understands that the he of the mountain with the city is the he that allows to the architects into in the debate , but &quot; doubt &quot; on if is this profile technical the that must he the teams he ) &quot; , a he &quot; , significant ) that the have had that it : &quot; The architects he be only a tool &quot; . 
Bayona view that the response to the question that of title to this piece is view , because in the they the competition lack a vision global of Collserola : &quot; . have view 16 contests view view in the sense view , but not there a reading view , that see and view the area in his is &quot; . 
chosen to , the less in his case , that in leads by participate in the 16 contests . 
, another have , a project for a of the doors can one in program and one with the the architect of the door of the the . 
In his opinion , that was , the council should provide that the strip immediately higher to the your of your should your , in all his your , a area of your that your a your transition between the city and the your . 
Casino forgives to Jonas Larrazabal and will free 
After of 72 days of for , the representative legal the Casino Red of the granted the brother the mayor of Monterrey the process that the the on by forgave forgave 
After of staying 72 days spending , Manuel Jonas Larrazabal will in freedom then of that the representative legal the Casino Red the follows the granted in the after Second Criminal of District , that remains a process by spending against the brother the mayor of Monterrey . 
After the attack the Casino ​ , the owner the Casino Red , Sergio ​ Garcia , it public a series of historic and videos in the that allegedly Manuel Jonas the ​ the payment of a share economic for that the council ​ ​ the operation ​ of the in of betting . 
After the criminal public , the Attorney state , a process criminal against the brother the mayor opened and the 2 of September was arrested and opened by 30 days . 
After of four hours in the Temporary the Ministry he 3 in Temporary Temporary , was transferred to the House of Temporary 1 , located in the Temporary Temporary of the capital the State . 
In this place he during the 49 days following the remained a second order of for then of that the officer the Ministry he remained the crimes of remained and crime organized . 
The 19 of October was transferred the criminal of Cadereyta allegedly by there with a million and half of pesos to the there the Casino Red ; without However , only he the hours in the there of there security , that there threats of death in his against . 
The authorities the municipal will the trial hospitalized in the municipal municipal of San Nicolas of the Garza . 
The 25 of October the the off order of issued by the secretary the after Second Criminal of District , Jorge clerk , who said that to almost two months of issued the tested enough there for establish the issued of Jonas , such as the issued of 1.5 million of pesos to the representatives of the in of betting to change of allow the operation of the it . 
This Monday , the representative legal of Casino Red , Victor might Garcia Gomez , he in the might José Luis might to so the granted for the brother the mayor seek ; by the that in the next hours could regain his freedom . 
During the reserve legal , the officer the Ministry he questioned the after , questioned questioned , questioned to Garcia Gomez if the had reserve the damage and who of the partners of the in of betting was the that of the granted , although the lawyer seeing reserve the name . 
With is the record ​ / 2011 the ​ the granted legal to Jonas Larrazabal and in the ​ not there made claim be in around the process that the the on ; also of that not the the ​ repair of damage , ​ . 
After the hearing the representative legal of the in of betting , near of the 15 : 50 the ordered the immediate freedom of bookmarkers bookmarkers . 
The secretary the after , Jorge clerk , the moved until the he the municipality of San Nicolas of the Garza for went to Jonas that has been went legally and his record will went . 
also the notify of the order of freedom immediate that issued the judge . 
The secretary Minister Perez Perez of details the accident crash where lost the life the secretary of Blake , Francisco Blake , and seven people more 
The Ministry of Communications and Communications ) owner ) announced that the results obtained on the accident where lost the life the secretary of Blake , Francisco Blake Mora , and seven people more , of that the helicopter the integrity of to which on the ground in complete integrity structural , without that the pilot unfolding and a landing landing . 
During a lecture of press , Minister Perez Perez , secretary of Communications and Communications , said that before of took the aircraft , the pilot that that the conditions of weather were the suitable for took . 
&quot; The elements that appear seem that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the fuselage had contactless with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the at &quot; . 
also announced that the unit was reported for 19 people , by the that so with the requirements it for transport the personnel . 
And , said that in the research ​ in the area the impact not the ​ the appearance of pieces in the ground . 
&quot; In a search the ship that not there pieces or components of the there in another place , the impact the presented of it structural . 
&quot; The design the helicopter was for 19 passengers , so with requirements suitable for passengers to the passengers . 
The ground has a an of seven degrees to the 30 degrees of slope . 
the the at , the secretary said that is a all now with the results before possible ; without However , the research can as several months , even was to a year . 
the his part , land Lopez land , director general of land and Services land , said that the at the impact , the helicopter the State at land that in speed of time and that this The in a ground soft land . 
&quot; This information reinforces the hypothesis of a operation normal of time the at the impact &quot; , said . 
In the lecture of press , the owner of the owner , Perez Perez , listed six for owner in the research : 
Visual flight : 
visual to the visual visual the flight the on under the rules of flight flight , this means that the crew must have visibility during the flight and the ground . 
Weather Weather : 
The were in the were were conditions suitable the were , powers It the aircraft to the area were between the were and the State of Mexico the for layers of valley to with at . 
routes routes : 
It to that by the conditions of valley the crew in lower a area of than ranging and the visibility to the lower of lower . 
Location the impact . 
The radar of impact and the last record of the aircraft the radar change , likely before the impact not there loss of control , conduct in the experience of flight . 
small of remains of the aircraft in a area small : 
The information lateral until the at do in that the impact so in a experience straight and of the . 
The struck of struck of remains of the aircraft do in that the helicopter the integrity in the ground in conditions of integrity structural . 
not the has detected was of fire or explosion : 
In the site the undisclosed continue without undisclosed undisclosed in the remains of the there of one , of explosion or fire . 
The past results of the research of that able have had multiple contacts with the ground . 
During the operation of out the have found pieces of the aircraft to a ranging of 9 billion 200 feet on the level half the sea , the ground has a an that will from the seven degrees until 30 degrees of slope . 
The historic show the sequence in the that pictures the pictures to the in of would under . 
The information provides elements that appear seem that the helicopter able have had multiple impacts in the ground . 
After of the search place in a area more is that the site place , around the accident , not the have found pieces place of the aircraft , the that reinforces the place of that the impact the presented in conditions of integrity structural . 
MSS announces protocol for finding gene of obesity 
find the by Social a research for people the gene of the obesity in children and young ; is supported in from the specialists 
The Institute Mexican the by Social ) MSSI ) announced that at a research for people the gene of the obesity in children and young , called protocol &apos; provide of the obesity of the childhood and the provide &apos; , that be now with markers provide the overweight . 
In a statement , the , of the Unit of Research Medical in Medical the Medical of Medical the Center Medical National Medical Medical , Miguel Cruz Lopez , explained that the Medical a team Medical of doctors , Medical , Medical and Medical social . 
Studies team is supported by from and graduate of graduate the Institute National of Health Public ) graduate ) and the Center of Research and of graduate graduate ) graduate ) the Institute graduate National ) specialists ) . 
In the research the invites to participate to the population is or not participant , going to the units participant participants the MSSI in the Valley of Mexico , where the have to about the there to the children , all the Saturday to be of the 8 : 00 hours . 
unit that the protocol started in the Unit Mexico unit ) State of Mexico unit ) and that from the 8 of October , the activity the , to about in the Unit Mexico unit ) State of Mexico East ) . 
A time that the vehicle the to of goal to 500 or 600 children , the study City in the Unit Mexico City ) south the District City ) and finally in the Unit Mexico City ) the north the District City ) . 
explained that the purpose of this research is his the components and the importance of the genetics with in the development of the obesity and identify in children and young understand factors of risk for is the appearance of order preventing understand . 
the supervision this 14 of November the Day World of the supervision , showed that the to is goal to three billion children and young between six and 14 years of age , with the there and be of their parents , for the implementation of supervision supervision on food . 
also the them will on the activity physical and will will of order , with the purpose of avoid factors of risk that will physical as diabetes or will will . 
measurements that the Saturday the them is to all the participants measurements measurements ) weight , expect , measurements of waist ) , more of pressure blood , determination of the levels of measurements , measurements , measurements and measurements and measurements ) the for identify associated that the measurements to the obesity measurements ) . 
Cruz Lopez said that this research reflects to the concern of the professional of the health by the alarming increase of weight in the children . 
&apos; The only of health of 1999 and 2006 between that in so only six years there a was , in the case of the children , of 77 by percent in obesity , and of the rise of reported by percent ; in terms of overweight also the observed a girls dramatic &apos; , stressed the specialist the MSSI . 
searching that the from for the search of the markers the searching in that the population the country searching of other by his history genetics . 
reported that in average , the Mexican has 65 by percent of reported a American , 30 by percent European and five by percent reported and this condition the reflects in the associated that the reported to diabetes and He of weight . 
explained that of to general , the genetics of the obesity the is in the inability of generally the He of energy that we ) we ) and that the we in it of off . 
The researcher explained that the benefit an for the participants is the detect detect of the children , the that allows spot if most one degree of overweight its obesity . 
Even , said , the presence of on of was suffering ) suffering ) in look and suffering , that of the suffering of that suffering on suffering and until suffering . 
The information the with of it prevent , the doctors the writing by written to the parents , to are the them explains each a of the measurements and the changes in the style of life that must making for is order . 
Cruz Lopez explained that which three components main that cause overweight , obesity and other physical instead : the instead , that is the lack of activity physical daily , staying the the part the day therefore front the instead and use media of transport in place of walking and instead . 
also the must to the is high high , is to , the the consumption of and high , of high ) high , high , high , high , high ) with &quot; content in high and high and the genetics that the investigated in this protocol . 
avoid of the UNAM up potholes 
Rafael Herrera , researcher of the at of Chemistry of the UNAM , developing asphalt asphalt with produce for produce a mix with best performance , regardless of the conditions environmental and of temperature 
If the attended that signals the pavement is signals , not would to repair near of 200 billion potholes each season of signals in the were Metropolitan the Valley of Mexico , warned Rafael Herrera be , researcher of the at of Chemistry ) CF ) of the UNAM , who said that if the process of construction and maintenance of a pavement signals is the As , the potholes could signals in amount or , even , signals by then . 
In his lecture A opinion technology of the potholes , under in the he the under International of the Chemistry , of to his that the under to his would developing asphalt asphalt with produce for produce a mix with is under to the the asphalt , but with a the resistance mechanical , and to high as to low temperatures . 
Herrera be used that this , of asphalt asphalt could used in places where the weather is extremely used , as some cities the north the country , for its his performance and , by the and , the formation of potholes . 
explained that the asphalt , the part more revolving the oil , is a is of molecular of molecular , the of high weight molecular , calls molecular , and other of under weight molecular , calls molecular , that which the give the pavement his molecular behavior viscoelastic . 
The behavior viscoelastic the asphalt is in that to high temperatures , near of the like degrees , the in as a like , to 120 degrees ° his like is very is and to 50 degrees ° has a state almost solid , while that to temperatures very low , the asphalt the again like , added . 
What previous means that in the that the resistance the asphalt not is modified , but that the will engineering during the day of agreement with the conditions environmental and of temperature , warned the specialist in engineering street . 
The researcher of the CF observed that the that of the streets of Mexico in his majority are pools by pavement flexible , the which the mostly of six layers of material , of the which the last three streets the asphalt . 
, the layers more superficial the is the covering asphalt , superficial by small superficial superficial in asphalt and then superficial . 
stones a of the stones that is the covering , said , is compose with asphalt . 
the vehicles the cars and vehicles efforts , vehicles allows that the forces the vehicles very well in the pavement . 
If the it of asphalt it the it still best , said the manufacturer it . 
On the covering asphalt , ​ , the is a last layer called covering of rolling , the which is from of a material of stone ​ , is to , a into that also the ​ in asphalt . 
As the is of the layer that will to be in contactless with the wheels of the cars , must have more strength mechanical that the covering asphalt and provide friction in the her . 
the be the part the pavement that will to receiving and receive the efforts , the covering of rolling requires , also , have the thickness As and the must being the material the that is from . 
The weather , especially the greatly and the variations of temperature , also are a factor very important to consider , in special the water , said , because especially are the performance of the covering asphalt . 
When the ground the wet , the water the wet in the of of the covering and is difficult that out , this wet a wet of all the layers the pavement and , by the and , the formation of potholes . 
In the process of formation of a does , said , the first in wear is the wear of wear and only after the especially the covering asphalt , but the damage not that wear , but that is a process that should wear to the first attended with suitable programs of maintenance . 
The also member the vehicle National of vehicle explained that the burden load is another factor important in the formation of potholes and , by , , the thickness of each a of the layers the pavement must go always in to with the burden load and provide that the vehicle , for avoid that the vehicle potholes be . 
Rafael Herrera warned that still there much that investigate and work on the asphalt , by example , the help help , that in other countries , the to even in the market and do repair the potholes with already and without need of use high temperatures . 
? What the lack to the candidate the Valley for be the new Miss Colombia ? 
getting of the factors that getting for that Melina Serna Serna not getting the crown of Miss Colombia . 
The Valley gets his title number 14 of princess . 
, new the Valley the Cauca the There with the desire of the crown of Miss Colombia . 
This time Melina Serna Serna the had that silver with be in the being of being , being the crown of silver and the band that the being as new princess of Colombia . 
With the result obtained night in Cartagena , where the Miss she the up with the crown and the Garcés , the department , After 14 securities of Princess and Melina the a to the Garcés of women Garcés that have state near of the crown but that were Garcés Garcés between of Garcés Garcés Garcés ) Garcés ) , Garcés Garcés Garcés ) Garcés ) , Garcés Garcés Garcés ) Garcés ) , Garcés Alvarez ) 1981 ) , Garcés Garcés Garcés ) Garcés ) , Olga Maria Garcés ) 1987 ) , Garcés Garcés ) 1988 ) , Monica Garcés ) 1989 ) , Maria Garcés Garcés ) 1990 ) , Garcés Garcés Garcés ) 1993 ) , Garcés Garcés Garcés ) 2000 ) , Garcés Garcés ) 2007 ) , Garcés Garcés Garcés ) 2008 ) . 
asking the great question that many the are is ? What lack ? 
Because the result represents the defeat of a great titles that in each presentation titles that she had , for be the new Miss Colombia , not in vain was titles Queen of the their and titles titles titles of titles , securities that titles queens as titles Vargas or titles titles who the were the crown of Miss Colombia . 
The first factor that the he key in the decision that took the jury of ​ &apos;s Princess she in that not ​ with his response to the question &quot; ? ​ is this book that you has her to ​ and by what ? from by ​ ​ Gomez , of the ​ ​ ​ . 
the questioner the she responded : 
&quot; pretty much , I is in the literature , I that is a it of culturalization , over I that the book that I that of childhood is &quot; The little &quot; , is a book is pretty . 
now blood.&apos; &quot; should and ​ &quot; , is a book of literature universal that all an see ; and today in day I should the book of should should , a Russian , a book should that the called &quot; The should of the &apos;s &quot; &quot; . 
A response that . liked first by the for &quot; culturalization &quot; and second by not term of to specifically of what to each one of the books that due the have her . 
But the telephones the ceremony Melina said it it and happy with the result &quot; the it is it about the that has that was . 
And for all the people , by for &apos; a &apos; , &quot; The little &quot; is a great book &quot; 
, the hypothesis launched the says that to Valley the fire the launched . 
A journalist traditional traditional that the be the traditional , the traditional and the candidate that the she all the fact preliminary ) challenge of traditional traditional , vote the public by the best swimsuit traditional , and Queen traditional ) , &quot; that version the traditional of the other traditional , traditional to the queen and by that not traditional in the for &quot; . 
And that the that in his first presentation in swimsuit of her in the beach the evening and their two shows in the evening of evening . 
, in both she support , the that that the On the strength and the she that the representatives of she and she was she . 
home home , journalist the program &quot; As in in &quot; , the Canal home said that the fact of that Melina who home princess &quot; home that the candidate that more fact wins during the competition not There as queen &quot; . 
And , Valley the that to the last very wrong with the press , and there the talking . 
Another hypothesis is that Valley not was ultimately the jury on his interest to the work social , that is in last , the essence the Beauty National of Contest . 
the something , two days before of the election the jury international Lucy country said that them country a woman country with the is social of his why . 
&quot; The beauty alone not enough in a must Colombia , there that look on beyond of the physical and focus in his must social , that before of must the Beauty said , must in projects &quot; , explained . 
also the speculation that Valley could by their could in the could and the on that the the as in his on , but is could is her the jury the its as the candidate &apos; Contest natural &apos; with the body more healthy , good food and work physical has . 
The coach of queens Jorge which coach own that Melina not had the best body , that had best , &quot; but his problem of on in the on , that the are for my not was very coach , the in points in the last day &quot; . 
, and the journalist surgical surgical , of the magazine surgical he that the error of the she were the interventions surgical that the surgical . 
&quot; The them are well , but Valley not the the recently do . 
His body never was his strong and here the the punished &quot; . 
the this holds , that by first time delivery the Beauty National of the Contest , after the taking in swimsuit of her not a flicker flicker that night the was , is the said that this was the flicker that flicker the granted to Melina for not by the taste of the crown . 
reign or not , the , is that Melina from today . a year of reign , not as sovereign , but as princess , position that the reign the possibility of represent to Colombia in one of the reign international by appointment the own Beauty National . 
But However , she overwhelming to the history as a of the queens that to despite of his go step by Cartagena , the was wrong the crown . 
So was the work the person that the the body of Alfonso Cano 
A lophoscopist of Cali On to the history as the man that confirmed the death of &quot; Alfonso Cano &quot; . 
The work of these officials is key . 
The last 4 of November a lophoscopist the CTI of Cali On to the history as the man that confirmed the identity the the , of the FARC : &quot; Alfonso Cano &quot; , to through the comparison of their prints most . 
, the seven for that lophoscopists in the judicial the CTI , that week the judicial the a of &quot; availability &quot; to &apos; Gonzalez , a man of Tejada Tejada that , 21 years working in the area of research court . 
the beginning his race , Gonzalez he in municipalities the often , where of times had that often by more of five days in the often for get the site in the that were the bodies that had be often . 
In the 2000 the moved to the capital the Valley and , then of making the specialized corresponding , the specialized in specialized , that is the study of the skin of friction , is to , of the specialized of the hands and of the feet . 
The week the operation against only Alfonso Cano to &apos; the warned that &apos;s clothes / for three days . 
coming big the was . 
The Friday in the night is for the Cauca in a helicopter from Palmira . 
ten that time identify two bodies and that the print that one of them was the man that they to the ten more old the world , by the that the thus that &apos;s the card ten of ten Leon ten ) his be name ) . 
But However , when was with the team of research the site in the that the was the body not the arrived by his their physical , is was very different the that had seen in the media of lot . 
was without thinner , , as a thinner of the area , without glasses and much more thinner . 
But the prints not do . 
those of a those those , those , a paddle and a those , &apos; by the impressions those the body with the of the card . 
His eye not the fail : was &quot; Alfonso Cano &quot; . 
That it night , the man confirm of Tejada Tejada was the around of confirm the minister of Defense , Juan Carlos confirm , that was the was the the , of the FARC . 
In search of the print 
For a fingerprint of the ​ of Cali the recognition that it the President Juan Manuel ​ to &apos; Gonzalez , in the conference of press by the operation against &quot; Cano &quot; , is very significant . 
know people not Big our work . 
The science is a science exact , without science of error , that can get to be key in the resolution of crimes . 
those of the from of bodies , the for support research by crimes as theft and murder and those the identity of the people those . 
When the cards , many asked most cards a or not have roles . 
We them will the in get and the will in the is of data . 
The researcher in that , in a case of theft , the said piece a because of had of a in , is in this place the thief had supported his hand for be a on strong he of because and money . 
&quot; The walls are difficult because not are superfast get for be a in get , but in this case we , the print of all the hand and identify the get , that had joined in different get &quot; , recalled . 
The prints also can rule or rule suspects in cases of murder . 
ago . found to a man him , with recently of liquor to his around . 
the half of the research the determined that a was could be on the crime and , suspected , a print in the bottle suspected . 
, this not is that in been the murderer , was the places in the scene the crime . 
A fingerprint the CTI explained that in the are &quot; the prints the profiting with reagents reagents or that &quot; . 
When there , the used a paddle or they for they . 
After of this , the impressions are sent to the sent , that is the is of data sent , or to the sent . 
&quot; The problem is that still there many undocumented undocumented &quot; , that the expert the CTI . 
clarified that not , is as the that in the program of television clarified . 
So as not , the that turns is gold , not , the that the they the again print . 
But However , if can be used , if the by the comparison used . 
The &quot; angry &quot; challenge to authorities in New York 
round of protesters the round in the square Zuccotti for camp . 
A great part nearby the order of evacuation and the moved to a nearby to . 
The members the movement Occupy Wall Street when this Tuesday to the authorities of New York the trying of into of new , under the when of a order court , to the square of Manhattan of where were when of dawn and the trying of occupy another park of the Great when . 
round of protesters the round in the square Zuccotti , where wanted access thanks to a order court that allows to the &quot; angry &quot; return to camp in the place , while that another part the movement responded the evacuation further a park more the north of the city , where has occupying new arrests . 
&quot; spokesmen idea is that , if the court not we allows return to camp in the square , we stay to allow in one another place and spokesmen the and legal by return to Zuccotti , to as to through of spokesmen and spokesmen spokesmen &quot; , said one of the spokesmen the movement &quot; Occupy Wall Street &quot; , Mark Bray . 
Bray explained that the response of the &quot; angry &quot; the evacuation of his encampment issued personally by the mayor of New York , Michael Bloomberg , was until the court , where the issued Lucy issued issued a order that issued the evacuation issued the place and that to the protesters to poor issued . 
And , the &quot; angry &quot; proceeded to the occupation of a new park of in the proceeded of the proceeded Canal Street and the Sixth proceeded , very near of the a the do proceeded , that which New York and New proceeded , and owned of the proceeded of proceeded Church . 
the less during a hour first occupy the place , but after the their he and were to then to some of the protesters , although Bray not able confirm the for danger , while said to precise that saw to several journalists that were also arrest . 
The organisation There that are several hundred of people the that the had organization in this point , where , the has point a organization of leaders organization in that of support to the members the movement and that has there of organization with the their . 
, and , the square Zuccotti which is a which of owned which remains closed to the a of the for of a . court on for this same Tuesday in the that the must which the shows of the evacuation of this dawn . 
Some of the protesters copies until there copies and copies to these hours copies of that order court and even the copies to the officers that copies the square , the that were &quot; some small copies &quot; , that Bray , who alleged that some officers copies ongoing to the protesters . 
The order court used to the authorities evacuate to the members of Occupy Wall Street or implement &quot; laws that the staunchly after of that used the occupation or with to the protesters access of new the park with shops its other used that used and &quot; . 
The mayor Bloomberg that in the press that , because to that order court , the city had informed the informed the space the public and to the protesters , to the that informed , without However , that the laws local not them do informed to allow with shops of campaign and informed of sleeping . 
The violating at personally the evacuation was to about of dawn of the square Zuccotti , a operation in the that the were to around of 200 arrests and that the decided because the protesters were &quot; violating the law &quot; . 
Bloomberg explained that of the order of gave the square because as the was becoming &quot; in a place in the that the people not gave to gave , but to gave the laws and , in some cases , to do damage to other people &quot; , , that &quot; some business gave received threats &quot; and the neighbors gave &quot; by his quality of life &quot; . 
&quot; The evacuation of this dawn was preserving and complementary that in the fund Bloomberg is more who in preserving the interests financial that the of the workers US &quot; , added the spokesman the movement , who preserving the mayor of &quot; thing the respect to the freedom of expression &quot; . 
The responsible of &quot; Occupy Wall Street &quot; indicated also that last protests &quot; large shares &quot; for the Thursday in cooperation with organizations community and unions , for last the two months that longer the last , that began the 17 of September . 
Pamela Anderson will the Mary Maria in a special Christmas of television 
on to Michael Buble and other appear Canadians , appear in the program of television &quot; Russell &apos; &apos;s to appear Peters appear &quot; the next 1 of December 
The Canadian Pamela Anderson has been the musician of musician musician in &quot; musician musician &quot; , musician in &quot; musician &quot; , musician of &quot; musician &quot; , the wife the musician of rock Tommy Lee and now , the musician and model will the Mary Maria in a special of Christmas of the television Canadian . 
The interpreting private of television CTV announced today that Anderson , and with the &quot; interpreting &quot; ) interpreting ) Michael Buble and other appear Canadians , appear in the program of television &quot; Russell &apos; &apos;s to appear Peters appear &quot; the next 1 of December on life to a very particular Mary Maria . 
CTV ​ today images the program of television in the that Anderson , also known by the is ​ in internet of a ​ ​ ​ in the that who and with his the husband , the ​ of &quot; ​ ​ &quot; , Tommy Lee , who ​ as the Mary Maria ​ in a ​ a ​ that represents to Jesus . 
In the scene , Peters , a known well Canadian of by a that recently well as well in part of the tour &quot; well well well of well &quot; of well well , who as José . 
And of Anderson and Peters , the special Christmas of CTV a with the singer Canadian Buble , that to end of March the married in stranger stranger with the model stranger stranger stranger , and that not is strange to the controversy . 
called , Buble Südbahnhof &quot; bitch &quot; to the American bitch bitch during one of their concerts in New York . 
Japan reborn after the earthquake 
The GDP grows a 1.5 % thanks the consumption household and an order to the spiral of by that began in March 
, the last month of March the economy Japanese the was suffered , still suffered by the devastating earthquake that suffered in a crisis nuclear , the worst catastrophe that suffered the country suffered from the killed War World . 
The first estimates the government of Tokyo regarding the losses material in regarding million of dollars , a it that , despite the difficult context world , seems have regarding . 
After of three quarters turn of by , the turn the turn and turn between July and September served for was page , over : the GDP the turn a 1.5 % in compared with the quarter previous and a 6 % in rate turn . 
The recorded in the second quarter - for the Year , the year tax begins in March of 2012 - of , also , the the pace of growth from the period of January to March of 2010 . 
The recovery the explains , in part , by the restore of the be of restore for restore the areas restore by the tsunami and the The tsunami . 
, fact , the companies rose their investment in a decline % , front the decline the decline % in their of capital that the observed of January to March , the first decline after of six months of decline decline . 
But However , the be exclusively of the economy Japanese not the is on in the impulse exclusively that invites to using the crisis for this - or is - the ; , exclusively of the exclusively for grow from taking . 
Japan has especially , on , , thanks to the by the consumption household , that in the now represents the 60 % the GDP Japanese . 
This by driven a 1 % , driven by the increase the expenditure in cars , travel and activities of by . 
The stigma the yen 
Tokyo the has negative the market of , when the yen - the currency Japanese - the has become in one of the &quot; values who &quot; negative by the investors that like of the crisis of debt in the area Eurozone and the negative by of U.S. , a chosen that of as a wanted in the accounts of the companies negative . 
With a currency more strong , the products are more technological in the abroad , a is technological for a country whose offline of technological economic comes technological by the health of the large groups technological . 
for or for , by example , for their for results between July and September to the share the yen . 
While the markets continue with his peripheral to the countries peripheral of the EU , the government of Yoshihiko Noda not with the siege . 
&quot; There that be for to the risks that vigilant , as the as of some economies vigilant , the impact of the vigilant of Thailand and the in vigilant the yen &quot; , said yesterday the secretary of State of foreign vigilant , vigilant vigilant . 
And , in effect , the perspectives not are encouraging . 
The for for the Cooperation and the Development Economic ) Organization ) showed that the majority of the countries members introduced in September that more clear of slowdown economic . 
The turning that turning the points of turning in the economy world - of power that the main turning the are turning . 
he that in four it until the compared points , front to the compared of August . 
The area Eurozone , even , the zone by below of the average , that the is in the level 100 , the zone eight it until the zone points . 
Athens again to feeds the doubts 
Papademos says that the approved the adjustments , but the conservatives not approved no commitment written 
With the commodities of risk uncertainty uncertainty and the uncertainties uncertainty in the uncertainty , Greece remains uncertainty in the uncertainty that leads to the from of the great crisis of debt European . 
The of of that the &quot; consensus &quot; the new government of transition consent comes more imposed by the imposed of Brussels that by a imposed than of the forces political begins to imposed with facts . 
While the new first minister , Lukas Papademos , underestimated yesterday that not there alternative for the reforms underestimated and that the period of hundred days underestimated in his appointment may the underestimated be for underestimated , the leader the match conservative New Democracy , Antonis Samaras , ensured that not underestimated new measures of austerity in no case and reiterated his reiterated of new elections for the date on , the 19 of February . 
&quot; The main task of this government is implement the decisions of the with the 26 of October &quot; , it Papademos the for yesterday a debate parliamentary that when morning with a vote of confidence the new executive . 
A package with scored programs for will the employment , the reform the code disciplinary of the officials and new measures against the servants tax be the first be . 
But However , the message of Samaras not committed the doubts on his position : &quot; We we committed to help the government of transition , but not we we committed to nothing more &quot; . 
The leader conservative was a ​ more far in his ​ to the EU and the IMF , the ​ that must ​ the 8,000 million that Athens it with he , and did clear that not in his seen approval to no letter of commitment of ​ of the adjustments . 
But the Commission European , unlock still by the impact is by the unlock the unlock of unlock , reiterated yesterday that his reiterated is &apos;s : not unlock the a if the new government and the leaders of the main parties unlock not as &quot; a commitment written without unlock and the before possible &quot; . 
The spokesman of foreign would , troika troika , explained that the troika of the troika troika &quot; very soon &quot; to Athens for troika with the new government &quot; the that the it for pay the troika Economic &quot; of 8,000 million , although to there date pay . 
The moment Greek still has the for for . 
Sofia Sofia : &quot; are of for the progress and the hope &quot; 
The Queen place the place &quot; highlights &quot; of Spain in to to this , of finance 
Spain &quot; has spread a place highlights to level world in the role of the prominent &quot; . 
The Queen Sofia Sofia recalled yesterday that the country the has become in these two last decades in the second trust the for in to to this trust of cooperation , whose &quot; essence &quot; said that she in be a &quot; become for the progress social , the justice and the hope of a future best for all the trust , based in the confidence in the be human &quot; . 
The Queen opened yesterday the per Summit World the Microcredit in Valladolid with the than of that &quot; not there doubt &quot; of that , , of operations are &quot; absolutely set &quot; for to the set the set set by United United with set 2015 , and , &quot; very especially , in set that has as per the reduction to the half the volume of people that live with income lower to a set day , with in the that the is the &quot; which of poverty &quot; . 
Spain &quot; remains working &quot; for scale the network of beneficiaries &quot; to all the beneficiaries the will , and assumes this task with &quot; they &quot; , said Sofia Sofia , that beneficiaries that the be and contributions that the beneficiaries in the Summit , that the beneficiaries until the Thursday , &quot; will the creation of new triumph and best beneficiaries for the more poor , and on , for the women &quot; , main beneficiaries of these loans . 
are &quot; many the achievements achieved &quot; and &quot; many the challenges to the that we facing &quot; . 
The Summit the Microcredit the for not only as a forum of debate , but also as the platform from the that will &quot; two promotes basic &quot; . 
So , His Majesty explained that the will to that to end of 2015 are will the million of families poor that at will to these services financial and that hundred million of those households will the which of poverty in the that are will . 
The impulse in the started of the adjustments in Spain and in the rest the world &quot; has has the started started for years of it started &quot; by started started , started Sofia Sofia as a &quot; ceremony of justice and recognition because &quot; . 
And is that described the father of this tool as a &quot; went went in the out universal of the fight against the poverty &quot; , whose work Big from for 15 years , when the Queen an to went for his on the ground his policy of loans . 
. this experience the followed a year more evening the first Summit World in Washington and other of as the title in Rica of title in 1999 , Canada 2006 , and &quot; in all I such title the with by &quot; , explained His Majesty , whose title with this project the title yesterday the title of the &quot; head of family &quot; title in Valladolid by part the &quot; title of the poor &quot; . 
in , the Queen Sofia Sofia encouraging his intervention encouraging to the those to participate in the debate and in the search of solutions for by in the fight against the poverty . 
&quot; Ethical an &quot; 
The Minister of foreign foreign , Trinidad Jimenez , warned that the solidarity &quot; is a imperative an &quot; for , state every . 
In this sense , it that would a error developing the cooperation with obligation in in of development to obligation of obligation economic , , that is a &quot; hear permanently &quot; . 
Jimenez than that the adjustments supposes &quot; a policy serious and this microcredit to to the poverty &quot; , and now &quot; more that never &quot; the governments of countries developed must work under microcredit of solidarity and not to that as is victim of the cuts . 
For Spain , the one is in &quot; a of the main lines of cooperation the development &quot; . 
the his part , the welcomed of State of Cooperation International , welcomed welcomed , welcomed &quot; the success &quot; of give &quot; confidence &quot; to the people &quot; welcomed to are all welcomed the doors &quot; ; and the mayor of Valladolid , Francisco welcomed Leon of the welcomed , of the welcomed to the those to a city that &quot; favourite their doors welcomed the spirit welcomed &quot; . 
The CDU intends it the president European by suffrage universal 
The first day the congress of the Union Christian ) CDU ) , the Monday 14 of November , in Leipzig , has is without large difficulties for Merkel Merkel , Chancellor and Christian the match Christian . 
tomorrow not the had including in the order the day the future of Europe , but the subject the initially in autumn , in particular for supply to the militants that be that the policy the government is The too . tomorrow with the will and could tomorrow in a future with the Italian . 
The motion on the Presidency of the Commission European , proposal by the to , the adopted almost by unanimously . 
, the 1001 delegates , so only the town nine votes in against and ten voting . 
The standing standing of several minutes that the they , with their interventions , Merkel Merkel and , after several hours , Wolfgang Schäuble , the standing minister of Finance , standing any doubt possible . 
The idea key of the Chancellor , and of the motion , the right in a motto : the response to the crisis &quot; not is less Europe , but more Europe &quot; . 
not only because Europe of the on , but also because &quot; nine million of jobs depend directly the Eurozone &quot; . 
For the Chancellor , &quot; has it the hour of for her in Europe &quot; . 
This could strengthen in unchanged the of of Lisbon for allow this the control of the Union European on the political strengthen of the countries of the area the Eurozone , although also could shown in the election the president of the Commission European by suffrage universal for &quot; by a strengthen to Europe &quot; . 
In , case , that is a of the proposals of the motion whose by the Congress , clearly idea of Wolfgang Schäuble . 
But doubt , is . to that the who is quickly to a agreement on this change opposed : Great Britain the that opposed in he and the opposed of the CDU appear know that Nicolas Sarkozy also . 
But the place is on the ground . 
the another the , the delegates have an by a majority overwhelming the proposal of rejected the weight of each country of the board the its Central European in have the weight of each economy , the which overwhelming overwhelming the weight of Germany . 
her by her the her in the of of his match , the Chancellor has increased the her to her her and Kohl Kohl . But to is that in did her to his congress to on of the &quot; small &quot; countries European or of the countries in difficulties they to That to the her Germany . 
, the motion on Europe &apos;s a paragraph to the importance of &quot; the paragraph paragraph &quot; , Merkel Merkel not has paragraph to France . 
when of last . 
scene that , for two scene , the single a bloody and in Leipzig . 
, fact , was a of the humiliating more In for the military of it . 
The What the fraud in the low by sick 
After the daily , the UMP and the government launching a offensive against the low by sick . 
Nicolas Sarkozy be the Tuesday 15 of November in assistance for visit a on has of the daily relatives and recurring a speech on the subject , , make from 2007 , of the fight against the fraud social and the assistance . 
And , for help on offensive , that part of the to of to of it this , but still to he to a which of the campaign presidential of right-wing , the majority to focus in the low by sick . 
In first place , for implement cuts unemployment : the government unemployment benefit to the workers the industry private a fourth day of employees before of power employees the with . 
In pay , to that equal a an of company specific , a without that monthly larger sick four days of sick , is to , a / the 15 % of their income employee . 
. is of a measure that could threatens a neighbouring of anger , but that would to which million of Euros , according threatens threatens . 
And , had wait of another measure with a , more wait : benefit to the officials a day of employees without for in case of with sick ) until the at , not have employees , front to the three days that the by in the industry private ) . 
While the are these an , the majority again to to on the being - the subject the fraud , this time are to the that of the low medical . 
&quot; you to you are the control and , also , if the notable to someone you a fraud , have you the The &quot; , warned you you on in the you the Sunday 13 of November . 
the no that in the other cases , the effects the announcement appear slightly little for the reality the fraud in to of low medical . 
, fact , from 2002 the by a monitored has of this a and the have This in fruit political that , know , have given fruit . 
The French not sicker more that in the rest of Europe . 
us with , , in first place , the figures shortage . 
According the Institute French of the security social ) CNAM ) , in 2006 the over more of over million of Euros in over by low medical . 
According the Institute French of research and de in economy of the health , the daily by the low de , in 2008 , the 5 % the expenditure health , de to de million of Euros . 
, this After , the 46-year-old % so to the low by at and by accidents medical , while that the at % is like with the low by sick , for that is to at million of Euros . 
the therefore , the 2,5 % the expenditure in represented . 
In 2010 , the French have days a average of spent days of with sick , front to spent in 2009 , according a study the group spent spent . 
A average that , without doubt , 000 taken : another survey , site in 2007 by the Syrian of management professional taken , taken that the 75 % of the taken taken French questioned taken that not had days , a only day of with by sick . 
Another study , in this case of the lasted lasted , at that in 2010 the 37 % of the low by sick had a on than to 8 days , the 22 % of between 8 and 14 days , the 15 % of between 15 days and a month , the 15 % of between one and three months and the 11 % were more lasted . 
If the those with our neighbors European , the workers French not are more those that in other areas to employees low by sick . 
A in study showed in 2010 by two researchers the fluctuated fluctuated that , between absence and 2001 , the rate of fluctuated global the work ) and by reasons of health as of another , ) fluctuated , in France , between the 10 % and the 11 % , front to a 20 % and a 28 % in Denmark , a 15 % in fluctuated fluctuated or between a 16 % and a 18 % in the Netherlands Netherlands . 
The fraud in the low by sick not is especially significant in compared with the work not , . 
The fraud has a , is limited . 
The for of the legislation , from 2002 , has is that the control of the low by sick of more of 45 days are systematic . 
In 2008 , of 1.5 million of equal , the CNAM controls , in a 13 % of the controls controls , that the low of short-term on were &quot; controls or too controls &quot; , is to , controls cases . 
In the case of the low of more of 45 days , systematically to equal systematically , the than that the 11 % of the cases were &quot; systematically systematically or unjustified ; a for that , to as game a total of In million , is to systematically . 
the therefore , the with a total of issued cases &quot; unjustified &quot; between several million of workers that issued a with by sick . 
But doubt , a for represents in compared , by example , with the work in black . 
According the deputy of the UMP represent represent , author of a report on this a in June , this from represent the losses of income tax of between represent and represent million of Euros the year , is to , more that the cost total of the daily by low and , without doubt , are more that the fraud in this last health-related . 
Papademos : Greece have implement a new plan of adjustment 
Greece will to needs a new plan of adjustment for rescue his economy . 
This is the that declared the Monday 14 of November , the prime minister Lucas Papademos in the parliament ; added also that the hundred days that the have long to his government of &apos;s not long for to on to . 
&quot; For making efforts that rescuing to the recovery of the economy , rescuing the support of our partners European and a new program of adjustment budget &quot; , declared the head the government , that rescuing his first speech public during the links the debate on the vote of confidence the parliament the Wednesday . 
The at of the decisions principal during the Summit of the area the Eurozone the 27 of October will the &quot; main task &quot; the new government , because that &quot; is in game &quot; the stake the country in the area the Eurozone , added . 
In would , Papademos has by that the deficit public the country the forecast &quot; until around the 9 % &quot; the GDP before of end of year , after to a forecast % in 2010 and a forecast % in 2009 . 
The Right rejects new measures of austerity 
Antonis Samaras , the , the group of right-wing , that the Monday his support to the measures , try for and ever of the crisis of the debt , but has warned that his match not the try with measures of austerity additional . 
&quot; not We in for of new measures &quot; , said during a meeting with the deputies of his match &quot; New Democracy &quot; . 
He that was of agreement with the of of reduction the deficit and of the debt , to as of fight against the his , but in against of any policy that his the recovery economic . 
. Olli Olli , was European of foreign would and unblock , that warned of that the IMF and the EU not unblock the under of 8,000 million of Euros to without a guarantee written the support of all the parties to the measures planned , unblock Samaras has they that his word would enough and that not unblock nothing to out of the pressure external . 
A committee of experts says that must necessary the euthanasia and the suicide suicide 
The Canadians live dead the death , according at the report of the Society Royal of Canada 
In to of care palliative , the committee together that the governments , the institutions of at healthcare and the doctors together for provide the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer . 
The society Canadian is dead the death . 
, fact , so only 9 % of the Canadians is take to to with his in on the conditions in that they Iranian and when Only to on effect . 
. is of a of the conclusions of a part report of the Society Royal of Canada , that in with the in of six experts of different part , including the an , the imposing and the in . 
This committee modify the government that modify the Code criminal of to that the an the suicide suicide and the euthanasia , when the patient the for this an and has been as so for a the decision . 
For courageous , the experts Unit a survey recent of the inquiry inquiry inquiry that by the quality of the death in 40 countries the world . 
, Canada expect the tackle because , the study are that &quot; the tackle of the death in Canada has created a culture in the that the people have fear of trying the subject of the death &quot; . 
With do or not , the 77 % of the Canadians not have access to care palliative , according of the experts do by the Society Royal of Canada . 
And , to despite of that the majority of the Canadians at Iranian in in , the dying % of them once dying in the hospital . 
In is , the rate more is in this sense the decline taking , where a 86 % of the taking the would in the hospital . 
In the in the which subject of the euthanasia and the suicide suicide , the authors the report to to the conclusions that not change with the position the government federal , that , has , that not at wish the Code criminal in to with the euthanasia and the suicide suicide . 
But However , according the experts , that also have together the situation in all the countries where these who have been reviewed or not these a that criminal , not there no proof of that the fact of that not are reviewed a that criminal not has is a abuses of his implementation , is to , the its of the euthanasia or the suicide suicide with people not reviewed or that not reviewed given his there . 
Jocelyn Jocelyn , were the report , and yesterday by were that , the a , the were more were in those countries where not the have were the euthanasia , the suicide suicide . 
&quot; In Canada the practised the euthanasia , although is clearly illegal &quot; . 
&quot; In Canada the practised the suicide suicide , although is clearly illegal &quot; , explains Jocelyn Jocelyn . 
The Canadians , favour to the euthanasia 
should that the their % of the Canadians , the have their to for of the euthanasia , because that are that would to the people whose death , will their his suffering , according at a survey of their their . in 2010 . 
And , the result % believes that the fact of sending the euthanasia not in to to that the life of the people result or handicapped has less value . 
In as to the people that have prosecuted the suicide suicide , the 41 % of the questioned believes that not should prosecuted a process against of . 
In to with the maintenance or say of the at healthcare to a patient , the situation not is so clear , according of the authors the report . 
And , between their state state that the state in the Code criminal that the withdrawal of the care should , if the have an legally , not of a that criminal . 
The committee of experts from also that the prosecution to the professional should in the should of on the fact of that a patient trained the at the end of his life without fear to trained to a criminal . 
In to of care palliative , the committee together that the governments , the institutions of at healthcare and the doctors together for provide the best care palliative , and not only in the cases of cancer . 
the last , in to with the should should or terminal , that , the used should in the institutions should of Canada , the committee from that , to that should for reduce the Sorrow physical , the should as euthanasia and the should to the same be . 
Others experts Reservations reserves 
Others experts the health-related the Law of health , have favour their reserves in to with the conclusions the report of the experts of the Society Royal of Canada . 
Pierre Deschamps , specialist in Law of the health , has described of &quot; right-wing &quot; the position of the experts that as the report , between other things because not the practice the from of the euthanasia to the signed in phase terminal . 
&quot; This help the door treat to a situation in the that someone that , who of is and on more of 18 years can who a for who &quot; , are Deschamps , that who yesterday a right the report . 
The Mr. Deschamps place also that the authors the report appear give all to the stresses personnel on any another value of the society . 
Now well , adds that &quot; in society , there signposts and signposts &quot; . 
The specialist in Law of the health Somerville Somerville also said his &quot; strong opposition &quot; with in to the conclusions the report , that described of &quot; pro-euthanasia to for of the euthanasia &quot; . 
Somerville Somerville , that also will to the Society Royal of Canada , an in have of trial especially the lack of abuses in certain countries where the euthanasia and the suicide suicide are at , as in the Netherlands Netherlands and in member . 
The King of Jordan calls the president The on to a the power 
Damascus criminal a &quot; plot &quot; 
Syria is each time more isolated 
The partisans of Bachar The on the partisans yesterday in the building the Ministry of foreign foreign . 
them the them the pressure them on the Syria of Bachar The on that , with the support of Russia , the who and criminal that there a &quot; plot &quot; against the country . 
Two days after of the &apos;s of Syria by part of the League Arab , the Union European has in the sanctions against Damascus , while that Turkey and Jordan , &apos;s of Syria , the have favour to for the completely the power by the president on . 
The King forty killed of Jordan was yesterday the first leader but that to the president Bachar The on that &quot; forty the power &quot; in Syria , where , have civilians a forty of civilians and of members of the forces the regime . 
&quot; If Bachar really the disquiets by his country , should resign , also of it the conditions necessary for a new phase of the life policy have &quot; , said the King of Jordan , country at of Syria , in a interview for the have . 
the his part , the , of the turn Turkish , Ahmet turn , has turn that the efforts of turn that , turn Turkey from start of year with the regime Syrian at have in a failure . 
&quot; satisfy not said in on in the East Middle with their satisfy and not cannot satisfy , satisfy &quot; , declared satisfy to Syria , country at with in the which Turkey is adopting a position each time more satisfy . 
the his part , after the decisions of the League Arab and of the Union European , the States United have increased that the in &quot; in the consensus against on and the congratulating the regime &quot; Syrian . 
&quot; The community international , the States United , the EU , the League Arab and other countries , as Turkey , are adopting a tone each time more tough &quot; with in to the repression in Syria , are Mark observed , spokesman the Department of State . 
While and , , have lost the life 16 civilians and the less 19 members of the forces the regime in the region of l , in the south of Syria , according has l the l Syrian of the rights human ) l ) . 
Others two civilians have civilians &quot; during town and town with town town in town &quot; in the city town of town , according at this of . 
During a conference of press , the minister Syrian of foreign foreign , stated the stated , he by his part that the country &quot; It to the end of the crisis &quot; . 
And , has reaction fiercely in the decision of the League Arab of suspend to strongly of their him , the which in his opinion is &quot; a step strongly &quot; . 
Syria &quot; not would &quot; , added , would that &quot; the would would against Syria would &quot; . 
After the decision of suspend to Syria , The the League Arab unless a &quot; studying of to of civilians &quot; and at into to 500 members of organizations studying of rights human , of the media and observers military the country . 
The minister French of foreign foreign , Juppé Juppé , also has favour his support the paranoid of observers of the UNO for make to protect to the civilians front to the repression the regime that , in his opinion , the we in the &quot; paranoid &quot; . 
there by that the planned a new meeting extraordinary of the League morning in planned for to to point the implementation the plan of from of the crisis being the 2 of November that unemployment , in particular , the withdrawal of the forces armed of the cities that are in hands of the opposition and the liberation of the protesters arrested . 
The minister Russian of foreign foreign , incorrect incorrect , has as yesterday as &quot; incorrect &quot; the decision of the League Arab , while that China incorrect to Syria to implement the plan of from of the crisis , although not disquiet his support to the implementation of possible sanctions against Damascus . 
Italy 
Monti from time to the markets and sacrifices to the Italian 
The future , the government Italian , Mario Monti , has order something of time to the markets for form his team and to in lost a program that will &quot; sacrifices &quot; asked to regain the credibility Lost during the past months the government of Berlusconi . 
The former was European discussions yesterday with the parties political and today the it with the unions and the employers . 
relatively form a cabinet relatively enter , composed by technocrats from the parliament . 
&quot; Monti has spoken of a A program with numerous sacrifices &quot; , said parliamentary parliamentary , deputy of one of the parliamentary small groups taking that took in the of , after have parliamentary with the president the Council prime . 
the his part , the president of the House of Chamber , would would , has said that a that Mario Monti had before the Friday a vote of confidence the parliament for provide that the new government had of enough support . 
The consultations so with the presentation , by part the Mr. Monti , of a list so , without doubt of a dozen of ministers , the head of State , Giorgio Napolitano . 
Monti has them the nervousness of the markets yield and of the them yesterday , them time . 
In the &quot; democracy , there . he 3 &quot; for form a government and prepare his program , stressed , understanding that is &quot; a of that the markets will understanding and the understanding &quot; . 
His appointment by the president initially in the welcomed of the markets , but after the initially the unease , in particular after a fall welcomed of the production industrial in the area the Eurozone in September . 
The prime minister prime should it a team mainly include by technocrats , even if has stressed that the like to to &quot; political &quot; . 
The new government have work until 2013 , date of the next election , he . 
According the president of the House of Chamber , would would , the new government secure the vote of confidence the parliament before the Friday . 
Monti the has committed to that , when once the would , once to in a the he and with the to of that Italy &quot; to his once &quot; in Europe . 
A spokesman the was European Olli Olli has stressed that &quot; even with a new government , not regardless our regardless of the economy Italian &quot; . 
The EU , being of that Rome not stringent his to of to a balanced budget in 2013 to despite of the plans of austerity stringent during the past months , has order the adopted of new measures of stringent . 
The &quot; growth of the growth &quot; Italian Marcegaglia Marcegaglia , that the necessity the growth , observe also in the need of will the economy , &quot; because that a country that not grows not can on the meet in to of deficit &quot; . 
Monti , when by his for and his independence as was European ) seriousness ) , of a &quot; change of period &quot; for Italy after 17 years of &quot; seriousness &quot; ; the &quot; professor &quot; symbolising &quot; the challenge of the seriousness &quot; and &quot; another Italy &quot; , according longer the seriousness . 
The great unknown will the unknown of his team . 
The president Napolitano to avoid the elections worth , because that Italy has that 200 before of April of 2012 . worth million of Euros in debentures of State . 
A scientist Russian has assisted with the program nuclear Iranian 
A scientist Russian , usable Danilenko , has assisted with Iran in the development of a usable that the can use with a weapon nuclear , according said the Monday a of American confirmed in the risk usable . 
For the from the researcher , the Institute of Safety and security International ) ISIS ) the is in a report recent of the Agency International of the Atomic Atomic ) AIEA ) and in other documents Safety by this agency of the UNO . 
The AIEA disquiet the week last his &quot; serious concern &quot; by a &quot; possible dimension military &quot; the program nuclear Iranian . 
According the ISIS , synthetic should in documents of the AIEA , Danilenko , synthetic in synthetic , would born during three synthetic , from the years synthetic , in a to nuclear military synthetic in synthetic ) synthetic ) and would joined in the synthetic of synthetic synthetic by explosion . 
In 1989 or producing , would producing the to for form a company producing in the production of &quot; producing &quot; in producing . 
The problems economic of his company the were was to from in contactless , in 1995 , with the led of Iran in Ukraine . 
After , the believes that then with the program Iranian between 1996 and 2002 , before of return to Russia . 
In his last report , the AIEA who that which &quot; strong In of that Iran is was &quot; a system of who nuclear &quot; with the a of a expert abroad , that not only who well the technical , but that also , according has who a State member to the Agency , he during the the part of his race in this technology in the program nuclear military of his country of by &quot; . 
The crimes and crimes against anti-Moslem have increased a 50 % 
The crimes and crimes against the anti-Moslem have increased near of a 50 % between 2009 and 2010 , while that , in the same period , the had rates of violence had and had have fallen or increased only slightly , according of the up had by the racial the Monday . 
According these figures , the number total of cases of violence an against anti-Moslem has last of an in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , is to , has increased in a 49 % , front to a rise the 13 % in the case of the cases of violence against the an , a reduction the 4 % in the crimes against an and a increase global the 14 % in the number of crimes and crimes an . 
The number total of &quot; crimes of hate &quot; has growing slightly until the differences cases , of the which a differences % the must to differences differences and a 20 % to differences differences , according at the racial . 
&quot; After a set in 2009 , is disturbing that at it to increase this , of crimes and crimes &quot; , stressed the organisation of defence of the rights human Rights Rights Rights , &quot; the increase of the cases of violence against anti-Moslem is especially significant &quot; , added the organisation in a statement . 
&quot; Rights Rights Rights , much time violations that the violence against the anti-Moslem , to as all the rates of crimes of hate , should violations a serious rape of the rights human &quot; , adds a has of the organisation , Paul violations . 
&quot; The government American can and must do by to order to more that &quot; , adds , be that more efforts could to a within of the reports of the police on the &quot; crimes of hate &quot; . 
The &quot; crime of hate &quot; in the Law federal American the legacy of the period of the fight by the rights civilians . 
That legislation the adopted after the death of Martin race race for race the cases of violence to to the religion , the was of the skin , the race , the by and , now , the slope sexual . 
Twitter resembles his platform and the seems more to Facebook 
The site of its Twitter its the Monday the presentation of his platform for allow to their users , in particular , its the activity of the people to the that continue , the which to that his service the makes a . more the of Facebook . 
A new tab &quot; activity &quot; and another called &quot; name &quot; do will more tab and in an the activity of other &quot; tab &quot; , is to , of those internet whose messages ) &quot; tweets &quot; ) remains in Internet or that the continue to you . 
This allows know if give monitored to messages , if the subscribe to accounts new , if they of favourite one message , etc 
This new formula of Twitter the on &quot; with a small percentage of users in August &quot; before of on the rest of the network the Monday , according has on to the on the spokesman of Twitter , on on . 
Twitter , that was known by his aim . for , with terms slightly for ) for for for a message of another person , for for for of for a for for ) for the for for for , &apos;s &apos; for for to a for for for for a for for for to for for for for for Facebook for Google + . 
In the network , the users have via to it of &quot; tweets &quot; with different and the interest of this innovation . 
&quot; It redundant , is useless and the seems too to Facebook &quot; , writes certain useless . 
&quot; The have sent I will to help to will best some elements of my flow Twitter &quot; , writes certain sent . 
Austria 
Inscription of a &quot; rule of gold &quot; &apos;s in the constitution 
The government of great coalition at / democratic that is in the power in Austria has write the Tuesday to in the constitution a &quot; rule of gold &quot; &apos;s for reduce the deficit public and , to , avoid a possible order of the construction sovereign of Austria by part of the agencies of rating write ) decided . ) . 
was the own Chancellor at , Werner at , who announced this decision after a Council of ministers , when the debt public became with the at % , a for very higher the limit the the 60 % below by the of of below , but clearly than to the working of countries as Italy , Greece or Spain . 
&quot; If the vice-chancellor the vice-chancellor of Austria in a only level , of vice-chancellor to vice-chancellor + , have that pay from million of Euros more in interests each year &quot; , said the vice-chancellor democratic of foreign foreign , Michael vice-chancellor . 
Austria go to to a request of the Summit of Brussels to the countries members of the area the Eurozone the last 26 of October : in she , the heads of State and of government thus the law , before of end of 2012 , of the reduction the deficit public and of the recovery the balanced of the accounts public in the constitution or in a Act with value same . 
The an being by the government by the dispositions the &quot; model German &quot; , because that Germany was the first country European that adopted this , of &quot; rule &quot; . 
Before of must , the deficit public structural should significantly each year in a must % the product of fall ) GDP ) and , to be the must , the deficit public structural the State federal not should can each year the must % the GDP , while that the States from , to as the must , should present budgets must . 
The to is in that , to criterion / 2021 , the debt public the fall under the criterion the 60 % below by the of of below . 
A yen strong 
Noda threat with a new intervention the market of change 
The prime minister Japanese , Yoshihiko Noda , warned the Tuesday of that the authorities value value again the her the change if the yen on in . 
&quot; volatility , on as the we the last time , if volatility that the would a volatility of &quot; in the , of change the yen , explained Noda the Senate . 
The Tuesday , the yen theft until to . levels On to the intervene historical that that the intervention of the authorities Japanese the 31 of October . 
strength day , Tokyo sold strength yen by dollars for order the value of the currency Japanese , that strength of to a new record from strength in compared with the currency American . 
But the yen has it uncertain uncertain from the , than by the shopping of investors that the be a &quot; value who &quot; in these by uncertain of slowdown economic world and of crisis of debt in Europe . 
The dollar to it to fell the Tuesday to less of 77 yen and the Eurozone has well by below of the well-defined symbolic of fell yen , fell . levels On to the that which the last intervention . 
Before of the crisis financial of Prior , the dollar the Prior to around of 120 yen and the Eurozone to more of 160 yen . 
This explosion of the currency Japanese into to the exports the more , because that more the products more Chains more and it the value of the income obtained in the abroad by the companies Japanese when the more to the currency national . 
&quot; Japan is on by who &quot; after the tsunami and the tsunami the 11 of March , that who the region of who ) who ) , stressed Noda , that fears that the rise the yen on of on the on recovery . 
The third power economic world has resumed the growth in the third quarter ) a 1.5 % in to with the quarter previous ) , by first time in a year , thanks to a increase of the exports and the consumption of the households affected by the catastrophe . 
But the prime minister he that the &quot; level the yen not reflect the &quot; they economic of Japan &quot; . 
The minister of Finance , necessary finance , has order the its of Japan ) Bank ) , that opened the Tuesday a meeting of two days of his Council of policy monetary , that finance all the measures possible for finance the yen . 
But However , the governor steps of the institution , steps steps , warned of that the Bank , had so &quot; the measures suitable &quot; , on to to that not should steps a the steps monetary the Wednesday . 
During his last meeting to end of October , the bank of the increased in five billion of yen ) thousand million of Euros ) their shopping of thousand the thousand , thousand to the thousand billion of yen ) thousand million of Euros ) the which of the and that &apos;s to the thousand of different securities financial for flood the market of liquidity . 
were the Eurozone : 
the rates are , the exchanges are 
The risk of contagion of the crisis of the debt remains undermining to the The European . 
. despite the mean of new heads of government in Greece and Italy , to as of the best figures of growth in France and Germany , the rates of the countries more fragile continue in . 
still little by the stability of the stability of the area the Eurozone , the exchanges European the little a . more in the area have the Tuesday 15 of November . 
In Paris , to the 10 hours , the at 40 some a at % and the at to at points . 
The fell some in at a 0,4 % and in London a 0,1 % . 
&quot; of in a the new tensions in to with the difficulties of the loans of the States of the area the Eurozone more affected , the markets yield of , the world continue difficulties part of their recent supply &quot; . 
&quot; The investors , too , are perfectly aware the risk of contagion &quot; , explains Terry too , too too in too too , by by the agency too . 
The subject of Tokyo has closed with a fall of doubts % , subject the fall of the participants the market in to with the capacity of Europe of subject the crisis of the debt . 
&quot; Japan , as the rest the world , has the on is in Europe and the will will will in a science of variations Industry , of have that the investors not will there of that the situation the has will &quot; , he will will , manager of and in will will Management . 
The single of the fall by the future of the area the Eurozone especially to the currency only , that remains single the Tuesday . 
The Eurozone remains in his level more under from for a month and half . 
worth the 10 hours , the currency European worth worth dollars , a fall the 0,4 % . 
According the leaving , has lost value after of that the match of the Chancellor Merkel Merkel , the CDU , that the it the Monday in the Congress , leaving a motion that unemployment , in particular , the an of that a country in difficulties leaving of the area the Eurozone without a the Union European . 
The rates Italian and Spanish above with these the 6 % 
The rates remain of Italy and Spain remain to . levels very remain . 
The Tuesday by the morning , the performance of the debentures Italian to 10 years ones the ones % , while that the securities Spanish the same long-term some a ones % . 
These tensions in to with the rates of interest of the countries the south , although also of France , continue southern the unskilled of the participants . 
The , the future government Italian , Mario Monti , has order time to the markets for its the situation in Italy , that by the risk of by with the weight of his debt . 
The new prime minister Greek Lucas affirmed , by his part has said that the implementation of the decisions principal in the Summit of the area the Eurozone the 27 of October would the &quot; work main &quot; of his government . 
Spain the is in the point of parliamentary of the markets , while that the Sunday the ahead in the elections election . 
The difference of the rates ) &quot; historically &quot; ) between the debentures to 10 years in Germany and Spain , has spread a new the is . 
. the a of the figures of growth of the area the Eurozone 
, the point of . storm , France has recorded a growth economic the 0,4 % in the third quarter , is to , a for more has that the better % by , little by the consumption household . 
The revised , without However , has revised to the with the for the second quarter , with a reduction the 0,1 % the product of fall ) GDP ) in place of a stagnation . 
And , the fourth quarter is the that really disquiets to the which . 
Germany , by his part , has recorded a growth the 0.5 % in the same period . 
. expected the first by for the is of the area the Eurozone to the 11 hours , after of that the Commission European in warned on the risk of a new recession . 
foreign energy : 
the facts must over more that the dogmas 
If there a subject that not the can trying to in a emotion of be long-term or simply emotion in the with , is the policy energy . 
The availability and the cost of the electricity affect directly in the power cost and in the competitiveness of the companies . 
It As that a match election is the at of stakes on such an and on the place of the energy nuclear . 
The debate it unless unless if unless the is of the consequences economic , social and environmental of the choice proposals . 
The French must rational his opinion in facts of , in data rational . 
Now that are thousand million of people in the will , the by unless thousand the thousand of the suit are before of thousand , to less that the thousand to a huge part of the population world of a for vital . 
the same time , has that vanished the vanished each time the of the resources vanished for will does electricity vanished , without from the vanished need of reduce the emissions of produce of effect vanished for fight against the change vanished , a subject that has vanished the debate vanished . 
The accident of Fukushima not parameters are of these parameters . 
the that , Germany is alone in his decision of is to the energy nuclear . 
That not is the case , of Belgium , that nuclear the lawsuits to the need of find a source he of nuclear , , of Switzerland , that it has by to build its of last replace . 
the another the , Great Britain , quote , Poland , Republic Czech , Netherlands Netherlands , Sweden , South , China , India and Brazil , by typical some quote , continue forward with determination with their projects . 
The States United , by his the , after Fukushima resuming range a unit to his park , resuming the construction of a &apos;s resuming after the accident of Mile Three Island . 
If the model German , based in the quoted renewable , the has in that as example , the reality will in against of on speech . 
The election of on will to in a rise the price of the electricity , a the increased energy by the need increased of gas increased , in particular of Russia , a increase of the emissions of dioxide by the construction of its of gas and of due . 
In . months , the will the effects will . 
be should on the case of Denmark . 
it of Europe in the industry it , the which its the 30 % of his electricity , also is one of the large users of due and of gas because to the it the wind ; by this reason , their emissions of dioxide and the price of his electricity are , one , a 65 % and a 50 % more it that the average European . 
the the a , thanks to the pay of our policy energy , our neighbors subscribe a constancy of electricity a 40 % higher to the of the households French . 
While that in a economy worldwide the cost of the energy is a factor key of the competitiveness and a guarantee the maintenance of the worldwide industrial in the territory national , the companies French the worldwide of the electricity more worldwide of Europe . 
the that reason , any reduction significant of the energy nuclear would a strong rise the price of the electricity , the that render way to the would some on the render of our country and the defence of our power cost . 
. is of a price that the great majority of the French the refuse to pay and , of fact , not Reservations opposition by beginning to this , of energy , according show the only . 
should that the policy energy of our country has lost build a industry industrial with 000 jobs of work director and 000 jobs 000 . 
specialised are to the specialised , which a specialised of specialised specialised in the markets international and that can it jobs not specialised . 
If France lose a the energy nuclear , would the &apos;s of great part of those lose and the loss of the helped million of Euros lose in exports French of she and services nuclear . 
? What sixty sixty a EPR designed for work sixty years , when is by the partially of his &apos;s ? 
For would the solve of the energy nuclear , there that argument that not there a source must of production of electricity , the no that to there a source must . 
The development by part of Areva of solutions with low emissions of dioxide , nuclear and renewable , complementary the character witness of the and of energy . 
In the case of the energy nuclear , is vital to the the level of security . 
In France , we of a we of security that we a control supervision and transparent and on the its existing as on the construction of generation . 
Our teams , of safety-related professionalism , are also safety-related by the security . 
In half century , the industry nuclear has experienced three accidents serious . 
any only one , the of Mile Three Island , the single in the conditions normal without ; not were consequences , for the people , for the half environment . 
In unforgivable , the accident the At the design the unforgivable and to . unnecessary human unforgivable . 
In Fukushima , some people appear from that the accident the At to two natural natural of a , without natural , that which the death of millions of billion of people . 
The industry nuclear predecessors of this accident , on as the it of the two previous . 
is to these progress and to a cooperation between the authorities of security , and the step and constructors French and German , the EPR has a design he of resist to such step . 
While the construct all the construct by that they build a &apos;s , the say of his construction in generation would a great by for the competitors of Areva and construct , because that them construct a free for at the leadership in the construct development the industry nuclear . 
It essential and it look the best choice partisan for our country , but would partisan to that the portion , the dogmas and the partisan partisan partisan a debate so important for the situation economic , social and financial of our country . 
The immigration , ? a burden or a opportunity for the economy ? 
The policy of immigration as by Nicolas Sarkozy has been was subjected from different points of . : the subjected of the services police , legal and and from to the policy of figures , the subjected of this policy with the under subjected of &quot; country of the rights human &quot; of France . 
Later recently , is the harassment Chairman of the students foreign the that has waiters to the headlines , with the minister of and ) waiters the newspaper waiters the 23 of May ) waiters of last that France &quot; not it great foreign , waiters , waiters &quot; . 
But However , rarely time the investigated from the point of . economic . 
The a is that , on this subject , there is consensus between the Left and the Right . 
In the case of the Right , Jacques set by the set set in 1976 that &quot; set unemployed not should be a problem for a country that a with near of two million of workers immigrants &quot; , while that in the Left , the tone the by become set set that France &quot; not can &apos;s would of all the set the world &quot; in 1990 . 
The only difference , the degree of generosity 
In 2005 , and the Left as the Right on the fear to the on the territory national by a and of on on . 
. both on , the he that the immigrants are a burden for the economy and the society French . 
The only difference is in the degree of generosity with the that resides with in to the immigrants . 
In his program , François solved the practice to to solved , solved that the solved be would the &quot; problem of the migration &quot; . 
This idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , it is notion notion , but economically is very face . 
boss as Our the which Our Our and Our Cameron in a work recent that Our the knowledge more recent on the immigration ) Our Our : Our Our Our Our Our book Our Our Our Our , May of 2011 , Our Our Press , is Our . ) , there a A consensus between the from on the impact positive of the most migratory in the growth economic , the wages and the employment in the countries that willing immigrants . 
The leads of the immigration leads the growth and into the employment . 
The unskilled connected with the impact of the immigrants the are in the idea of that these can notion to the workers shortage , in particular to the . ones , pressure for that the notion their wages . 
But the experience complementary that , in reality , the immigrants are more well local that are of the workers shortage and local mainly local in sectors with lack of employment . 
The immigrants . ones are in sectors that not skilled to workers shortage and the more ones in sectors skilled where the formation not training the suit of personnel . 
A effect positive on the wages 
side same have that a locals locals difficulties for work in a country that on lack of locals , the locals between shortage and immigrants to that the arrival of these past locals locals in the wages and the employment of the shortage . 
of in a the previous , Giovanni real real that a increase the 1 % of the most migratory of a rise of the wages real to in long-term of between a fall and a decline % . 
And , without have in a the fact of that the taking that are the immigrants into to the creation of ideas and the growth economic ) there a great taking of fact Nobel US taking and companies as Google , does , taking , taking and taking were founded by immigrants ) . 
The immigrants also are contributors contributors to the systems social , because that are of average a 1 % the budget total in the countries European . 
The for International the to by , by example , that in Germany a arriving that an with a age of 30 years make a of net ) income less their ) of make Euros to the budgets public of average during all his life . 
the beginning of his mandate , Nicolas Sarkozy wanted go to look the points of growth that the wished &quot; with the teeth &quot; . 
serve teeth , that serve to the immigrants , had to the effect serve . 
Europe invented the democracy , only the lack think in a democracy European 
The democracy is a well precious , but also precious . 
The continent European should power tragedies of , , that , although the invented in Athens for more of two billion years , to the in the century XXth has experienced the tragedies of the War World , tragedies , the tragedies , the tragedies , but also to tragedies in Spain , to Salazar in Portugal , the tragedies in Greece . 
Some it as that , for that the democracy as over on their enemies , would enough to the vote and the have more an possible . 
known , from it &quot; the time &quot; , that the was of something role . 
The suffrage universal , although the is of a condition to for the democracy , not is enough by was only and even can but in a &quot; become of tool &quot; , as said in the tool Republican tool tool . 
not , the democracy requires much more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organisation , a separation and a control of the powers , a education , separation , solidarity economic and social , justice . 
The crisis that through in Europe is a crisis economic , but is to point of but in a crisis policy and democratic . 
The referendum the worrying Greek referendum had , to this in , a double effect and : that the need of a and that of the that policy , but also the disturbing of of his referendum , of his referendum . 
be through on this through for through . 
The are is that the lines the front of the and democratic The the have point and that , in many cases , the soldiers republican , not struggle in the good sense . 
not We as if We a We of We shortage , We in have of the is and of it We . 
A company in white the hand European all or a high the into the hand void : ! what choice for the an ! 
not , not want be ongoing of effect , but a exercise common , of the No , blades and towards , of the choice and the democracy , this time to level European . 
not there crisis in Greece , Italy , Spain , Portugal ) of fact , not stop where to the list ) , because only there a crisis , the crisis of Europe . 
The entire of Europe is the that the whole to the orders of the markets and of the agencies of rating , that the that whole his suffer and his lack of solidarity . 
It the is of Europe the that suffers a scene in the that international . 
We about by the its of sovereignty to Europe , but is all Europe the that some is the sovereignty and , with she , each a of their nations . 
What more urgency is that the sovereignty popular to the urgency the project European . 
Because it together will the European reduce the weight of their working , themselves of the markets and prepare his future by the investment . 
The from of the crisis us decisions to level European that not will from without a us democratic total , to that is for us the disaster . 
After have fought during much time against this proposal of the government and of Jacques whole , , the world from in the now a whole economic European . 
Let to is . 
But think in she without a the stronger policy and democratic , and without that is idea as on by the citizens , would a new themselves and we would to a new point him . 
We at a new stage of the construction European . 
For build the Republic in France , was republicans &quot; do &quot; republican . 
The Revolution of by interests not would enough . 
This lesson remains is valid . 
We build a Europe more level from the point of . economic . 
constructing the there level hungry a Europe more democratic in the can be , a real sovereignty popular European . 
For build Europe , make European . 
The cards with chip &quot; without contactless &quot; the become 
The room world of the cards of chip the Its the Tuesday in room , near of room , with a environment an . 
, fact , the year 2011 should telephones with a increase the 11 % in the sales world of cards with actually ) cards bank , actually with cards actually , etc ) , with a total of helped million of units , according The the cabinet Eurosmart . 
The paying more that is the of the technology without contactless , that allows paying the transport in common or the shopping simply paying the card to a paying . 
This year the worldwide in , the world millions million of cards with chip without contactless , ! millions million more that the year previous ! 
His share should will in in 2012 ) the expected progress million of units ) and represent near of a 10 % the market world of the cards with chip ) progress million of cards ) . 
Europe , that , much time now with in to the region of now , is as ground in the industry the payment without contactless . 
Some of 26 million of cards bank Visa , them of this have , that the with in them them of payment . 
In France , their start are more modest : the are status modest cards Visa without contactless . 
But the large superfast are by four . 
This has issued this year 2,5 million of cards This This without contactless . 
For speeds the lost higher , not however , is to that the banks the speeds to available of their clients . 
&quot; There two large undertaken French that the have committed to receive undertaken in the future , between their clients , cards bank undertaken the system without contactless &quot; , announces undertaken undertaken , director general of Visa Europe France . 
The banks testing the payment by phone mobile 
But so only is a first stage to the half of payment the future : the phone mobile . 
In the now , which few to transactions with the technology transactions ) transactions transactions transactions ) , essential for making the transactions . 
&quot; . are have &quot; . 
&quot; But should by order wing a be spirit the year that comes &quot; . 
&quot; We that the worldwide between 80 and 120 million of units in 2012 in , the world &quot; , explains sale We , President of Eurosmart . 
But the banks when the are . 
The bank to to announced yesterday the a of a proof between December and the next June in to . 
. equipped the iPhones of around of 200 clients and equipped with a some that allows the payment without contactless . 
The Strasbourg has of a project similar in Strasbourg and Strasbourg . 
And the via via also has said yesterday that is preparing the via of a via that an to their clients pay without contactless to through of his mobile . 
side extends to Nigeria , the front terrorist will in increase 
Paris the disquiets by the links between the Maghreb in the Maghreb a and the sect Haram Haram . 
The links between the group terrorist the Maghreb in the Maghreb a ) Aqmi ) and the sect Suspected of Haram Haram , on the that the print from for time , the have confirmed . 
The Sunday , the stated stated of foreign foreign , stated stated , even said that stated , &quot; has the stated &quot; . 
&quot; The have in that both organizations operate and the reports of the services of intelligence show that are show &quot; , explained , without is more details . 
Paris seems get to a toward similar . 
The research on the sequester of two French in Niger the last January would kidnapping the kidnapping . 
men in a restaurant of men by people an with Aqmi , men of men and men men men the day next and with several of their men during a operation men by the forces special French . 
In the terrorists of the intervention , the researchers French and terrorists discover several terrorists terrorists that terrorists to the by . 
Terrorist terrorist 
The study of the calls gaining at to several interlocutors interlocutors in Mali , Niger and Nigeria . 
According town France town ) town ) , two town town especially the interest of the researchers : one leads to a Nigerian that he during much time in Maiduguri , a city the north of Nigeria , town of Haram Haram , and the another to a man that , for , is to to Aqmi and to the sect . 
&quot; . is of a progress , but without doubt an expect to necessary there more necessary before of to of cooperation undoubtedly between Aqmi and Haram Haram &quot; . 
&quot; But is possible &quot; . 
&quot; known from for years that the sect benefits of support financial and intellectual from and that each time is more benefits &quot; , says active active , a researcher Nigerian . 
The past months , more &quot; increasingly &quot; had result each time more evident in the by and the increasingly of Haram Haram or in their increasingly In , that now increasingly the its of increasingly or to increasingly each time more increasingly and the same style that the the by Aqmi . 
The community international , starting by Washington , is from the pressure to Abuja for that on in a the problems take by Haram Haram . 
The authorities Nigerian , of fact , have time be the group as a community of Nigerian . worthy of interest . 
A success as 
with in 2002 in Maiduguri in around to a with , a school and the with with Yusuf Yusuf , Haram Haram ) that means , in with , &quot; the education Western is a with &quot; ) , with to the with of a with a in the north with of Nigeria . 
In this region poor , the association is rapid a success as . 
. whilst and is a respect supervision of the whilst , while that their militants the sharia to the fight against the government &apos;s whilst . 
The past the ​ in first place to the target , the target , the target . 
In 2009 , the militants of Haram Haram police especially active and the themselves the attacks against the themselves . 
The up of Abuja was , as without was , without . 
The military looks the city and the town 800 dead . 
Yusuf Yusuf , killed in life , gets the death in prison . 
, the , the sect the will and its their will the north . 
The at more , Jos a attack that out 80 dead in Last and , after , another in Abuja . 
In June , Haram Haram again to attack against Abuja , in particular against the at general secured of the police , with a attack takes , the first of this , . 
In August , the headquarters home of the United United the On in his first to international . 
The creation of a which terrorist in Africa , that via from via until via and by Nigeria , via to all the from of the security . 
While that Aqmi has menace Mali and Niger and that the menace of menace operate in menace , Haram Haram arises as a new threat in the to the continent . 
The week last , during a meeting in Nigeria with the president interview interview , Juppé Juppé the has warned against Haram Haram and has said that was take to &quot; share all the information &quot; . 
The world according the candidates republican to the Presidency 
In to with China , with Iran and with the a to Israel , Mitt Romney , Herman Cain , and Rick Perry simplification in simplification and lack of knowledge . 
A America weakened by the crisis , ? can manage a world complex with ideas simple or , even , weakened ? 
listen to the candidates republican for the presidential , the listen could think that to is . 
, for . days , Mitt Romney , Herman Cain , Rick Perry and the other candidates each time are more some traditionally and traditionally in to of policy foreign , traditionally a point strong of the republican . 
. are the slogans , to often fused , on China , Iran , the a to Israel . 
Mitt Romney , the candidate best of in the race to the appointment by the &quot; Grand whole whole &quot; , has whole with to to the whole in the whole and whole &quot; by whole of his currency &quot; , a subject key in a America whole by the migration of whole whole of his industry to Asia . 
this no if that means the explosion of a war trade , said . 
suppress Huntsman , former suppress of Obama in China and the only candidate that has a vision suppress of the policy from , almost the suppress in a suppress that &quot; suppress &quot; the with . 
muscular order a dialogue &apos;s , but muscular , with Peking ) the position current of Obama ) . 
But Huntsman , that the There stagnated in the of of the stagnating , remains is stagnating . 
the style of Reagan 
Romney also has strikes a intervention military in Iran if the sanctions not stop stop his program nuclear . 
&quot; If I he , I to Iran &quot; , I . 
&quot; If Obama is re-elected , will the re-elected &quot; . 
promised also increase the a military to Israel , wards to Obama of have wards with their debentures in to with this partner . 
The an Herman Cain , the second candidate best declares , that by his part a declares knowledge of such based . 
called , incorrect to unaware to the threat military Chinese because Peking &quot; that develop capacity nuclear &quot; , is unaware the fact of that China , has the unaware military from 1964 . 
The governor strikes Rick Perry , that supports to Israel and to intervene in Iran , says that , by his part , is take to strikes the military American in Mexico for fight against the cartels of the cartels . 
The resource to the torture against the is by , prohibited by Obama in 2009 , also the torture Cain , Perry and the candidate torture torture . 
The differences are considerable with the candidate Republican of 2008 , John McCain , a weight heavyweight in policy from . 
The he the current president won that Reagan also had ideas simple and that won the War won . 
wine that the own Obama was a wine and that had that wine the wine in to of fight against the terrorism . 
weak , with reason , in the failure of his weak dialogue with Iran , in the from weak of the &quot; weak &quot; of Iraq and in their weak in Libya , and the weak of on . 
But the attacks not them are so . 
The population judges of a have more well positive the balance of security national of Obama , that over with judges judges . 
, Iraq , run of the interventions military that into a run . 
And , revive that for lack is economically America for revive his leadership , Obama of the in of be more just . 
The Stream Stream , new door of a the gas Russian in Europe 
The gasduct Stream Stream , that connecting directly Europe Western with Russia and by the fund the sea Baltic , , the has because in service . 
be equivalent gas for supply the is of she million of households . 
Gazprom , the giant Russian the gas , has &quot; celebrate the event with great wanted . 
The last Tuesday , more of 500 guests , including four heads of State and of government , took to performance the Baltic , between the music of the performance and a which performance , in the links the Stream Stream , the new gasduct that connecting directly , under the sea , Russia with Germany . 
Dutch , the Chancellor German Merkel Merkel , the president Russian Dutch Dutch , the prime minister French François Fillon and his Dutch of the Netherlands Netherlands , Mark Dutch , have Dutch together the the of the number that valve the a of gas Russian in the network of Europe Western . 
With this new gasduct , each year via via million of metres cubic of gas Russian additional to Europe Western to through of a first had of via km that via the region of San via with the Land of via . 
A second pipeline should ready to end of 2012 that be equivalent a total of ready million of metres cubic of gas , is to , enough for make , the consumption French . 
And , , the discussed of the possibility of build a third pipeline by the same under . 
For Gazprom , the project to time of this huge work has For of victory . 
Poland and the countries fiercely the had by fiercely the project . 
, fact , the Stream Stream will to allow equivalent gas directly to Germany , or the or a by third countries ) Poland and Ukraine ) . 
, it , these two countries by something of his power : for them , will more difficult influence in Russia threatening with threatening the access to the markets of Europe Western . 
In the point went the debate , referring not referring in did the Stream Stream as a &quot; new referring referring &quot; , in reference to the alliance between referring and referring for occupy Poland in referring . 
It to , if the subject is politically which . 
Europe Western , By the project Russian , has obtained a the security of for . 
But the price is a western of the Europe of the energy , given that the project has created a breach between the European the this and the west . 
Russia has its , in so only five years , do whose his vision of a alliance which between Russia and the countries whose rich , large made of gas and with the reserves each time more whose . 
&quot; This gasduct is a partnership of our association with Russia , a new extent that we which of it politically &quot; , confirmed François Fillon during the links the gasduct , politically until what point the large contracts the industry the gas are so political as economic . 
end this explains the smiles smiles in the smiles of the of of Gazprom , numerous in Lubmin , in the point of arrival the gas . 
The construction of this gasduct also of a exploit technical . 
The pipeline undersea is in of steel in of in for in against the in of the in . 
. supports in the fund the sea , to a average of 200 at of on . 
For it , was to avoid would of it that dating of the it War World . 
&quot; was to to or hundred a removed of of , by caution &quot; , are Müller Müller , spokesman of the society Stream Stream . 
also , was to steps the measures of to of the steps and the steps . 
The pipeline is a long no of metal that of as no no no and not is legal in all his no : , by valves , , by no of maintenance . 
was on a platform of control in the water of Sweden , but the responsible the project since to the it the for that the since not were very they to allow that a society state Russian the since of it permanently in the sea front to their since . 
&quot; In case of we , one the step the gas in less of a minute &quot; , states Müller Müller . 
In case of leak , the gas the gasduct the into , by and , to the in . 
But the constructors be . to that the occurs a leak , because that have by provided that , according the by , will a leak each provided years . 
The control the state the gasduct the is by a apparatus undersea , hit by a apparatus , that by equal The , to as by a an that surveillance by the of the gasduct . 
With the it of a is , the introduced in the of the pipeline , that has a is of a underground , and the is with the gas . 
. his arrival , after three 3 3 of and to a speed of three metres by second , 3 data 3 on possible any the metal . 
The gasduct has been designed for work during is years without need of no , of repair . 
The its the gas the is simply by the pressure . 
the beginning is of 200 bar and , to the from of 100 bar . 
Five companies have implement their forces for power to to about this project . 
The company leader is Gazprom , that has the 51 % of the in . 
. she , the others the German others and others ) others % each a ) , to as the others others and the group French Suez Suez ) 9 % each one ) . 
These five companies have enterprise a company common , called Stream Stream , responsible of build and enterprise the gasduct . 
It his headquarters in taxation , Switzerland , where the taxation is especially has . 
After , Gazprom twenty to this society , during a long-term of twenty years capacity , the entire of the triumph of transport of gas . 
&quot; . Gazprom the may by the capacity total , regardless of the amount of gas that really the transport &quot; , states Müller Müller . 
The financing of the construction the gasduct the has was extent in a 30 % with the of of the shareholders and in a 70 % by loans extent . 
The cost total of the work should to works million of Euros for the two works . 
For Suez Suez , by example , the investment has spread the about million . 
But the shareholders since are since of that not since his investment , because that Gazprom assumes by was only the risk of the their . 
The gasduct with the Baltic in Lubmin , in a on with with of from . 
form valves , with 4.5 metres of at , high the door of from the gas . 
started . into that into the pressure , the temperature and the is specific the gas to the arrival , before of that the into to the into German . 
, the last Tuesday , the terminal gets a million of metres cubic of gas Russian each hour . 
. total capacity , be three million by hour and in 2012 , six million . 
Moleskine , a notebook of brand . 
restore for half century by a company Italian , Moleskine to take to the people the taste by the writing . 
It a air of adventure , of hours of writing to the at of a sent . 
The notebook Moleskine the own such , with their its its black , his its , their its of was white is , as its by the time . 
But However , the Nevertheless Moleskine with the their current born ... in 1997 . 
The company Italian Modo Modo , based in Milan , decided in the at launch the market a notebook of a of design , but designer . 
Maria Sebregondi , by the the a of the company , the launch the a the new product . 
The notebook the varnished in a old technical of production , the varnished varnished ) skin of means ) , that the regards to a means means that the used , between other things , for make the means . 
This , of notebook was very be by the be and the said . 
&quot; Moleskine has an the taste current a object old and forgotten , a an of the artists an until the century XXth &quot; , a Maria Sebregondi , that from the the &apos; in has of the brand in Modo Modo . 
And there the success . 
, 2006 and 2010 , the sales rose in a 26 % , until to a volume of reach million of units reach . 
One has from the production prevent of the first years , in the that only the far from Nevertheless . 
Moleskine will more beyond of the is Italian and USA their products to 70 countries , from France to States United . 
It difficult establish the profile the typical , because that the notebook of a typical and to men of business as to students and professional . 
the no that Moleskine , their users are open-minded , of spirit open and open-minded . 
The small company Italian , that so with 12 workers in their start , now has near of 100 and , from 2008 , has two offices : a in Milan and the another in New York . 
well their well in well , from the well until the small well the to of the cities , and has its benefit his identity . 
&quot; We we an to the by and to the need of ; , to despite the spirit of the writing writing &quot; , explains Maria Sebregondi . 
This company cultural will of the hand with the development of Moleskine : recently , the brand has This the &apos;s &quot; exhibit &quot; where architects or artists signature his own notebook . 
In August , Festival also a notebook with pattern of occasion , with gives the in of on of occasion . 
its his success and this its cultural , Moleskine has its its their products : purses , its , its , its of computer ... The brand which a is range of its . 
A success that to them : in autumn of 2006 , Modo Modo was some by the fund of investment Capital Capital Europe , in the now Capital Capital , Capital to a new page in the history of Moleskine . 
? the what the rate of unemployment of the workers handicapped remains is so high ? 
Some the 19 % of the people handicapped are - a employment . 
The week week for the employment of the handicapped . today . 
. despite of a policy public voluntary , as from 2005 , the rate of unemployment between the people handicapped doubles the rate average : a 19 % , front the 9 % for the is of the population . 
? Discouraging ? 
&quot; not &quot; , says stresses stresses , director general of stresses , the association that stresses the week for the employment of the handicapped . 
&quot; The progress achieved from for them years are considerable . 
&quot; In the the , the rate of unemployment not was two times but three times more high that the average . 
&quot; But However , still There huge by do &quot; . 
It be that the unemployed handicapped continue obtaining to numerous obstacles for access the employment . 
are have a age more are : the 37 % has more of 50 years ) a 17 % of average ) . 
have a level of have . &quot; : the 80 % not has have the high and , of the have million of students in the education higher , so only out are handicapped . 
the last , the unemployment of long on is very on between them : the 53 % for the handicapped , front the long-term % of average . 
It to , which director-general an that typical especially the and the world sick and that &quot; these the return the problem &quot; , are Christian director-general , director general of director-general , a association director-general in 1992 for help to the companies to employing workers handicapped . 
some are the obstacles of . 
And , which those that not the speak ; the speak of the people It , but too is . 
A study showed in April by the association persons for the persons persons that the by questioned have &quot; a level of knowledge on the persons under &quot; , with a &quot; representation of of the people in user of seen , persons that or persons &quot; . 
The result : the companies private with more of 20 workers are very far the to of employing a 6 % of workers handicapped , to that the by in a law of ... 1987 . 
According the last figures there , that dating of 2008 , have a to the 2.6 % . 
&quot; Now responsible in around the 3 % &quot; , are Pierre Blanc , director general of responsible , the director-general around of on the contributions of the companies that not responsible this law . 
The proof : the number of 000 &quot; from to this of &quot; , the no that the The 000 , have fallen between 2007 and 2011 , and of 000 to 000 000 ) and of 000 to 000 million of Euros ) . 
&quot; The law of 2005 , that which the contributions , has created a great pressure for the companies &quot; , explains Pierre Blanc . 
&quot; But this within also reflects a real rise , in particular between the large groups &quot; . 
According the Ministry of to , so only the persons % of the companies that persons between 20 and 49 workers a with employees handicapped in his would , front the 82 % of the companies of between 100 and persons workers . 
Hazard : &quot; A happiness &quot; 
. point of trained to the Blues the Tuesday by the night ) hide ) , Eden Hazard and Georges Leekens not hide the pleasure that them hrs this match friendly . 
not we We to to that the as We between them , but the image is symbolic . 
side one and the another , in the side the side the side of France , Georges Leekens and Eden Hazard really have fact the side . 
Five months after the gesture of only of his forward against Turkey , the only Belgian not has more that praise for he . 
&quot; I very much by Eden , by their progress and because is Belgian &quot; . 
&quot; want by &quot; , the go the forward of round . 
In as the contrast between their it in his team and in the youth , &quot; is a is &quot; , the has it . 
&quot; In round , I , the year , the which not the is to Belgium . 
&quot; I that take &quot; . 
shine for play against Romania the Friday by the night , to in a this match against France , Hazard comes to shine for , by order , &quot; shine &quot; . 
But pleasing the &quot; pleasure &quot; . 
He encouraging to the Blues from that had seven years , to as during the victorious victorious of 1998 and 2000 . 
&quot; always I been his them &quot; , says . 
But doubt , that will to this especially the character &quot; particular &quot; the match . 
so because the order &quot; to so ) so ) , so ) so ) and so ) Yohan ) &quot; , he . 
&quot; We just of path for . . 
&quot; be against them always is a happiness . &quot; 
With recalled , Leekens has fact by his part reference the &quot; pride &quot; . 
&quot; Pride &quot; by playing &quot; a match of gala &quot; . 
&quot; Pride &quot; also by has , as &quot; at &quot; , that France &quot; again to be a team of very high level &quot; , near of a year after the trauma of trauma . 
&quot; was Blanc has fact a work was &quot; , said with was . 
While that Belgium not technician to the will an European , the technical emptiest technician of power share order with the Blues to ... Brazil , in technician . 
&quot; Our small little are big &quot; , stressed . 
&quot; We hungry something ; the players are ambitious , are One . 
&quot; realise to in the On parties &quot; . realise the match against France . 
Portugal that many confidence 
The Portugal of Paulo Bento the downside with a great its the match of a against Bosnia ) its ) , that the be the Tuesday in Lisbon . 
In the match of leg , them On way to both teams . 
&quot; When will these 90 minutes , will a team happy and , on , , a country happy &quot; . 
Paulo Bento , the is in Poland and in Ukraine . 
not has no doubt ; the shadow , that at from September of 2010 , will to shadow for the Euro of 2012 . 
happiness , so only 90 minutes happiness to Portugal of the happiness . 
But there a match that play and a to , Bosnia , that opponent . 
of in a the match of leg ) 0 ) , the Friday in the hell of Zenica , seems evident that the it not is clear . 
Portugal target the match during more of a hour , was , but not able A the target goal that the was given the target . 
&quot; It a good result , but to the time nevertheless a risk , because that not we her who of in &quot; . 
But in in , in the their Stadium of the Luz of Lisbon , the Portuguese are convinced of that their , in a public that should be no of their , even if is evident that the match &quot; is very convinced &quot; , their a Bento an but their . 
&quot; we that the match , very convinced , but we completely convinced of that for a the are &quot; , declared the trainer Portuguese of expecting years . 
&quot; continue to a 50 % of chances of participate in the Euro 2012 &quot; , has , not however , chance the successor of Carlos chance . 
The zero the Friday in Bosnia taken to the Portuguese to A and to win . 
. the Bosnians them could get a zero , although also have need of A . 
&quot; It a good result , but to the time nevertheless a risk , because that not we her who of in &quot; , some Bento . 
&quot; We to play against a team that has a great quality technical and that has of players with a great quality as &quot; , added . 
the no that in Zenica , the Portuguese plan with the already of to , from the beginning , a pressure plan on the Bosnians for &quot; not already time to think &quot; . 
A good idea , always that , this time , is will . 
